patch the patch method .
image with the given image .
return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
return the path to the images in the current directory .
write a file to a filename .
creates a temporary directory and returns a list of paths to the output file .
convert a value to a native integer .
set the size of a folder to .
directory tree generator .
return the content of the file .
test reading of source space files .
returns a list of default settings for a specific user .
compute the gcd of f and g .
add field to the volume group .
task to save all the modules in the environment .
returns a list of versions of versions of versions .
set help usage help with the help command line .
convert a status code to a http status code .
handle command line options and action .
estimate distribution parameters used by the distribution parameters .
update or add an existing package .
returns a dataset that can be used to test the target .
tests socket .
get the path to the inset path .
return a json representation of a job id .
test whether * true * true * true * true * true * true * true * true example EOS
returns true / false whether a given version is installed and whether or not .
return the load data that marks a specified jid .
return the value of the configuration option for the given option .
return an image object as a function that will be called by an image .
load a python module .
create a table of all the files in the database .
return true if the input is a positive integer x .
return a new integer representing the given distribution of the integer n .
makes a string from an environment variable .
gets a snapshot from a vm .
return a list of the elements of the given list .
write a summary of summary of a block summary .
test if a given option is set to the environment .
return true if the given object is a valid json .
convert a byte string into a byte string .
return the absolute url to the given css url .
get the objects corresponding to the objects of an object .
path relative .
get the repository constructor .
returns json representation of the given file .
validates that the target is valid or the target is not in the target .
verify that * certificate * and * are valid for each certificate in a certificate .
compute a polynomial p in gf ( p ) [ x ] .
return a dict of the current configuration .
test the fitting method .
return a list of available images .
decorator that will run a function from a flag in a flag .
link - > link link link link with link link .
add arguments to a function if it is not found .
decorator to run a single test as an instance of an instance .
get the block block from the block stack .
return the path to the plugin cache directory .
returns a string of words .
escape a string for use in an xml document .
delete a running process .
encode a string value .
import a python object from the given name in the buffer .
merge one or more dictionaries into one .
convert text to a color .
convert a dictionary to a dict .
determine if we can use a specific location .
helper function for : func : py : func : the version of the original .
remove html tags from a file of text .
get the number of seconds in the current process .
get a value from the passed as a string .
return the contents of an object .
this is used as a decorator that is used in the local node .
create a new version of a distribution .
install a package with the specified package .
compute polynomial gcd of f and g .
count the number of elements in a tensor .
returns a list of common pairs from a set of sequences .
serialize yaml representation of yaml .
return a file containing the contents of a file .
skip a test .
setup the demo sensors .
test to ensure that boolean type correctly works as expected .
set the default colormap to current image if any .
usage : : lx ( ) .
unregister a service .
plot the function of a binary file .
run a command .
convert an exception object to an exception object .
signal handler for signal .
display the data .
count number of words in text .
convert a path to a uri object .
format a file for a source .
step that this is called when the user is running on a step .
helper to get tokens with a new token .
check that all of a single action should not match the original .
return a list of file names for a given file path .
return a random integer representation of an object .
setup logging for the logger .
return a function that converts a color into a color object .
convert a path to a relative path relative to a relative path relative to the absolute absolute path relative EOS
convert a zone to a zone .
creates a new query .
return a datetime object as a string .
group view .
returns the product of a matrix .
run command and return the result of the command .
uninstall an installed package .
write the contents of a file .
returns fasta labels of fasta labels .
convert a number of bits into a number of bits .
function for email email address user .
run a command line interface with the given port number of port .
return a new dict with all values of * that * not * .
get an address of a domain object from a domain name .
clean up the test suite .
run the main application .
returns a list of lists from a list of lists .
if x is a scalar .
check that the user has the named file or directory exists .
json to convert a file in json format to a json representation .
set and retrieve the value of status of a response .
return the path to the parent directory of the given pattern .
copy a remote repository into the remote repository in the remote repository .
convert a package name in a python module to its corresponding representation .
get path with prefix and xml element .
filter out matching of a list of data from a given header .
wrapper for : py : func : py : py : py : py : py : func : EOS
add or add a remote repository into the path path .
search for an item in a collection .
test that when all of the same arrays are equal .
factory method for methods which is called with api methods .
helper function for the output of a database .
return the list of filters .
return a tensor with shape and shape .
get the current media .
initialize the shape of the shape .
returns an appropriate token value for an application .
generate a code for the code of a file .
convert a list of dictionaries into a list of dictionaries .
delete a container .
determine if a function is in a particular type .
get a namespace object .
convert a hex string to a hex encoding .
test for issue # ) .
expression : expression .
get a match for the match .
parse the test data from a list of option .
list all of a task .
test plotting of epochs .
sets the value of a setting in the integer .
returns a new figure out of a process instance .
computes the average coefficient of x and y .
update volume volume by volume .
get a set of target from the target .
return a list of nodes in g .
determine if project is a project or a project .
return number of cpus in a number .
execute a command in a path .
parse a tree of a tree .
convert an http uri to an uri uri .
test that the task is enabled .
convert an object to a date value .
convert a value into a : class : class : .
upload a file to the yaml document .
get the options from salt .
return a list of all the data source .
check that all of the correct .
convert an integer to an integer .
compute the linear regression loss function for x .
group view .
get all groups .
download the contents of a url to a file .
decorator that checks the user has access to the permission .
compute a random matrix .
returns a copy of the given object with the specified name of the given argument .
returns whether the given string is a valid message .
retrieves the token from the request .
generate a table of text file .
convert text to html entities .
call the executable file with argument list .
read tag from file .
shutdown the connection to the socket server .
show information about the named repository cli example : .
return a datetime object that is running in utc of datetime .
register the current event loop .
helper function for the name of a policy .
tests if the message is raised when the user is called .
creates a new default session .
update the repo server .
split the string by the split .
a helper for defining a single options .
return lines and lines of file .
get git commit to git repository with git repository .
adds the given headers to the given httpresponse object .
compute the coefficient of a polynomial .
returns the list of directories that are in the given directories .
returns a template object for a given template name .
return a url that is not a valid url of the current site .
return a list of all available host addresses .
returns a key for the specified id of the given version .
takes a string and returns a list of strings of the corresponding to the corresponding character .
returns true if the current user has been run in the current process .
return a list of all job ids .
returns the user id of a session .
detects if the environment is running in the context manager .
run a command .
show the local local local local network .
returns the url for the view that is not found in the `` / '' / `` / '' EOS
call an exception .
return a list of available images in the current file .
get a list of resources from resource .
return the location of the object .
returns a dict of : { instance } instance .
build metadata about the default .
set the default configuration of the current configuration .
convert a value to a float value .
returns a new layer of the given string .
only load if the module is available .
test that the end of the source is raised when the function is called .
build the default options for the current process .
return a new instance of a named vm .
lists all available on all available on the system .
test that sample works with different images and sample is .
test for issue # 1 .
list all available services .
run a test suite of all the results in a given db .
group add .
check if a model exists .
handle the status of a particular event .
run a single command .
validate that the value is not a valid html string .
generate dependencies for all targets that have been set .
return information from osquery cli example : .
gets the number of devices for each device in the device .
read a tag from a header .
read a file of text files and return as a list of tuples .
find the first ip addresses given an ip address .
run the given path to the given path .
rename a named vm .
set the default flag for the current thread .
returns true if queue exists .
delete a tag from tag .
generate an image of an image .
view for all the course the given course .
add two lists of lists .
return the object to use .
only load if the config module is available in __salt__ .
set the device to use for a device to use .
create a class decorator for a class .
return the name of the named vm .
only load if boto libraries exist .
convert integer to integer .
query a query from a url .
get a list of lists for a specific text .
decorator for views that require a user in a login / permission .
load plugins and load the plugins .
get the next media .
generator for objects in a stack .
build source space source .
generate a package path for a package .
check that x is the average of x .
check if the given ip address is valid .
report a report of report for a given report .
set up the sensor .
set the port to a port on a port .
returns the script environment variable for the script .
convert a list of lines into a list of lines .
returns the output of the function .
convert a source .
return a new instance of the appropriate class .
convert date / time since epoch .
given a course_id and thread id .
move a file or directory to a destination .
returns the items of a function by name .
return a list of all the files in the registry .
creates a rule for the given rule .
check if the command exists .
helper for func to the decorated function .
makes a plot file for a particular plot .
return x as a tensor .
convert a hex hex string .
compute the sum of the linear regression of a matrix .
execute a test .
calculate the number of image and image .
for a token .
return the first configured instance .
decorator for functions that require an interval .
create and return a new instance .
show labels of labels .
yaml : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : the plugin < url > .
return the matrix of g .
returns a new graph object for a given axis of x .
a simple line to run the main loop .
build a class from a class .
get value from the default value .
return a function that returns a deferred instance from the given class .
print a resource info about the resource .
validates that the value of a list is not valid .
render a template with tag .
convert integer x to float array of size of log distribution parameters x : int .
get a value from the index document .
returns true if value is a boolean value .
apply a filter to a given document .
returns a list of resource view resource .
get the absolute path to the folder .
check for configurations .
returns a new node instance that is not available .
creates a new cluster .
show the text status .
if there is a single space or an integer or `` 1 '' string .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
returns the format string representation of an instance .
print a usage message .
record a record .
return a hash for the contents of a file .
apply the * log of * .
plot a value from the parameters .
returns the model of the given model .
return a graph .
add / etc / etc / * / * / * / * / * / * / * EOS
serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp ( a .
raise exception for a class .
builds an image object from the figure .
decorator for methods of methods .
generate a dataset of images for each dataset .
save all the users dashboard .
find a package in the given package .
construct a polynomial from the expression .
generate a list of lists of all of the keys .
generate a list of pairs .
generate a range of range of a range of range .
generate a new password file for a given user .
sets the default flag for the current thread and commit if the current transaction was not in the current EOS
test either if an error is raised when x is not set .
returns true if any of the given element is found in the specified path .
delete a flavor entry from the flavor access list .
convert test suite from a test suite .
check if a user exists on a role .
merge one or more lines into a document .
extract task results from task and task results .
returns a dict of section of a course .
convert a path to a unicode object .
ensure that the process instance is running .
convert a figure to a figure .
convert a `` index '' into a `` `` `` '' '' '' .
return true if any of the result matches the original .
if any field in a context variable is set to the context .
get a list of users from user .
calculates the checksum of the message on the given message .
create a new figure with the data set in the filename in the environment .
fixture to test fixture with template names .
validate user data using the provided user .
test that when logging stream .
test whether filename matches pattern .
update metadata about all of a particular users .
generate a new url for the current site .
logs out the user and displays the request .
transform 2 with respect to the same model .
define a new tensor .
set a metadef tag .
convert a text string into an html document .
execute a task and run it as a task .
return a polynomial in k [ x ] .
returns a course with the specified course id .
get current environment variable name and environment variables .
compute svd of a matrix .
get an element of an element .
output database .
return a directory containing the value of a given directory containing the specified location of the given directory .
construct a new dict of a certificate to the specified key .
run the test suite .
returns a tuple of the account id from the api .
expression : name .
removes a set of lines from a source .
returns a temporary directory .
run command and return the output of each command in a shell .
return a sequence of items .
view that returns html with all of the view .
format a value as a string with argument ( ) .
run a single command .
install a package with the installed version .
helper to create a new stream .
a new session .
return the location of the branch repository .
perform an exception record lookup .
send event to a message .
convert a function of times into a single tuple .
get a column key string .
view that returns a list of user details about the user is enabled .
return a version of the named package available on the minion .
test user .
return the string with the pattern in the string .
load a filename and return a dataset class instance .
test a single sample .
map an error to an error message of an error code .
assert that all of the instance are not in a class instance .
process the messages from the process to the process .
helper to print command and print command .
helper to calculate the average of a list of points .
return the config value for the config file .
get a color by color .
compile a package .
return the number of bits of a number in x .
get the number of file paths to use in the current process .
check if the pid exists in the pid file .
run the main application .
returns a property value from a property of the property property .
make a number of base x .
helper to format a list of fields .
run all the tests in the environment .
ensure that the path is a valid path .
convert an object to a python byte string .
return a list of all available vm .
stop a service and stop its results .
return true if the given table is in the database .
fetches a list of all server cli example : .
gets the token for a user .
time : datetime .
check if user has admin or admin user .
add tags to a server .
return a new url for a particular view with a particular object .
convert a message to a message object .
only load if the module is available .
add f * * * * * * * to p .
delete the search index .
return a list of the elements of [ x ] .
update or add metadata item from a source file .
decode encoded string .
if key is not set .
update task info in task .
test to ensure that a config object is set to a specific value .
returns a new image location from the given location of the current location .
returns a list of all the elements in x .
add * * * to * if * is * .
check that all of the modules are available .
compute the norm of a matrix .
get the hardware version .
set a value in a pair .
enable the minion to disable on the minion .
format value with given value .
return size of size .
list all of the installed packages .
delete virtual interface instances for all instance .
decorator for functions that require a user be passed to a function in .
create a test suite for testing .
show uuid of an image uuid cli example : .
return a slice of the specified string .
get a layer instance .
helper function for creating a single time series in the epoch .
execute a command and execute it .
require the * * * * .
return a list of the values of a single field .
test that the element is raised .
update the glance metadata for a volume .
create a new figure manager instance .
create a new figure manager instance .
if the user has a group or list of tags .
returns a query string for the current user .
return a random integer representing the given distribution of the given distribution .
decode string to bytes .
returns a new tensor with the given shape .
decode string .
print a tree to a tree .
generate a random byte string .
run the main application and return the results .
convert a xml xml string into a url .
create a new instance of a form instance .
if the given exception is a traceback .
if the user is in a valid list of [ 1 .
apply the inverse of the input image to the input data .
generate a function that returns a new unique file containing the given function and name of the result .
update the random data with the same number of values in the input images .
get the text of the page with the given word .
get a frame of frame and frame of frame .
validate that the parameters of a dataframe is valid .
returns a list of tuples for all the db api .
disable a service cli example : .
list all available belonging to this account cli example : salt myminion pagerduty .
update default configuration options for all of a particular request .
decorator that calls the function from func to the decorated function .
convert a value of the form of a type of x / x / o .
write the output of a node to a node .
list all of the master master cli example : .
test for issue # templates .
create a simple line test with the given source .
require the language .
return true if the given image id is in use .
set the level level .
return a stream of * * * * on * .
returns a list of variables for each variable .
get api method for a resource .
determine if a service instance is in a class .
parses an interval string like `` '' '' .
return a list of all enabled services .
given a domain name .
gets a valid region for the specified region .
setup the server .
write gcode file for a gcode file .
parse the header of a list .
save / update a certificate to a file in the specified path .
ensure that all of a dataset works as possible .
creates a request object from request data and request object .
returns a url for the given url .
returns an iterator of values to an array of values .
setup the demo sensors .
testing that the output contains the scenario .
add a password to a command line argument list the password .
parse a configuration file and return a dictionary of values .
delete a test entry from a list of delete .
test run tests .
load data from the database .
set the date on the password .
return a tuple b : a and b .
register a new header .
set node facts if facts facts facts facts : facts facts : facts facts : facts facts facts : EOS
convert a date in format format into a datetime object .
run tests with a single test .
if the code is none or the code is not .
render the certificate .
return a list of all the vms that are on the minion .
get the type of a type string .
formats a number as float with the float .
return true if two files in the given file path .
return a list of the form of the specified resource .
run : py : func : cmd .
return true if the given filename is a valid python source .
return a list of images for a dataset .
return all instances that have been set up to all of the specified instance .
add the value to the lists .
lock a file .
connect to * args * and * args * : : connection / : the connection of the connection EOS
return a list of services that are available .
delete a value from the key .
returns the cluster of two images .
deletes a database .
get the craft sequence of a sequence .
generate an integer number of bytes .
run a single test .
set a device to disk .
convert a resource id into a record object .
returns a random string representation of a random number .
return true if the value is a boolean .
returns a product of two lists of a matrix .
returns a sequence of items with a sequence of distribution .
returns true if the current environment is in use .
test that the class can be set to * works * is * .
test image of the figure .
create a new response with the specified error message .
helper to get the git commit from the git commit to a git commit the git commit the git EOS
for testing .
drop a block of block stack .
converts value to integer .
read a file of bytes .
generate a test instance for the test .
search for filename with filename from the filename .
set up a functions for all the given functions .
convert x .
set the host backend for an instance of the backend .
return true if the value is a positive integer .
return the code object for the current thread .
creates a new entry from the database .
generate a new binary file descriptor .
encode the input array as a tuple of shape .
test that the table works with columns correctly columns .
get a value of a field from the system .
set the authentication for the http authentication .
return a query object that match the query of a query .
returns a dictionary of { deferred } as a dictionary of { { { { } } } } EOS
tests that the model works with the model and set the model .
if we are running in a repository .
get the output file of a given filename .
create a new project from a node .
returns a generator of all nodes of nodes in the graph .
require a package to be installed .
creates a rule from an ip method on a server .
return a new figure manager object .
returns a list of pid for a process instance .
test for # 1 .
parse the command line options and print a to a callback option .
register the default session .
run the current site .
return a copy of the value for a given key .
return a list of nodes that are on the node .
add a type to an existing type of type .
returns a session object for the access token .
returns a status code .
returns true if the given image is a byte string .
view for a document .
return a string representation of a binary image .
returns a list of courses that are not found in the course .
execute a single command and run the output as a dictionary .
return true if file is a valid python source file .
create a new figure manager instance .
run a link in a link .
test that the error is raised when the user is not none .
load the data and returns a dataset class instance .
returns current site .
parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding representation .
return the text representation of an object .
creates the extension of a list of feed items .
test multiple statements for all items in the order .
send email email after user is created .
start a thread .
copy an object from a to another .
return image data from file .
test that the behavior of -- user can be used to run .
return a list of all job ids .
test to ensure that the form is enabled .
apply a function of data to data .
read images and return a numpy array .
convert an integer to an integer .
check that all of the available images are available .
remove any `` post '' from `` `` '' '' .
decorator that checks whether user has access to access .
check if a color is valid color .
new form .
sort an iterable .
get the complex with the complex .
convert a list of strings to a list .
run the test suite for the test .
returns true if obj is a method as an object .
delete a node .
get a compute node by id .
check if user is in the group .
convert a dictionary of keys into a dictionary .
decorator that checks if a user has a particular access to a given collection .
read count number of bytes from file .
get the absolute path to the absolute path of the resource class .
generate an image hash for a given image .
return a string representation of a process instance .
creates a client for working with cloud provider .
returns true if two strings are equal .
creates a new path .
convert a file of data to a file containing the contents of a given file .
decorator for marking the function as an argument .
tests that the user can be set as a list of strings in a site .
return data as a string .
returns a list of edges in g from source .
reads the images in a dataset .
returns a password hash for the given user .
return information about the named vm cli example : .
disable the topic to a topic .
return a string representing the python version of a given string .
format a list of of data in the format .
compute the average of a vector .
check that all of a set of samples are on the same .
delete a node .
convert a value to a byte format .
returns true if the number is in a number .
install a package with the specified location of the path to the log file .
raise exception .
patch an api call to the given api .
return a dict of all of the rules on the configuration file .
ensure that the table is absent from the database is absent .
run the main program .
run the main application .
run command with arguments and return its output as a dict .
set user module if variable exists on the target node .
remove a user from a team .
if an object is an object or a string .
get a reference to the image object .
process the code from the exit code .
returns the default version of the current thread if it exists .
return a new word .
maps keys for volumes summary view .
compute the coefficient of the z polynomial .
gcode linear move file .
convert a filename to a filename .
compute the median of a matrix .
build a list of labels .
decorator that the decorated function is not available .
add a new user to a new message .
generate a new .
get a list of all available regions for the specified course .
item delete .
project view and form view .
helper function to handle a wsgi application .
parse the rule for the rule .
return a new body of body body body .
send packets at layer 2 1 .
get the repository constructor .
setup logging for the current process .
test hsl to rgb color function .
send an api message to the console .
return a random key for a key .
add faces of the output of all the messages .
start the service .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
return a string representation of a given string .
extract the array from the array of shape and array .
calculate the number of log entries in the number of points .
this is the main application that is run in the config .
validate that the enabled service is enabled .
helper to get an object or raise an object .
return the number of edges in a graph .
get event manager to use .
patch the patch of a process instance .
return a dict with all its id as a id .
validate that the length of length of length .
remove all of the files in the directory .
convert a value in a sequence of bytes into a string .
returns a new matrix of a rule .
restful crud controller .
draw the graph g with the g .
update the device with ip / name / .
if we are no longer than or / .
run the given command .
returns true if the request is a valid request .
return all of the machine associated with the given machine .
return line number of comments for a given string .
returns a dict with all of the keys in the given path .
update global state when a course has been created .
create a new tuple representing a set of types .
display the login page .
retrieve the token from the authentication token .
convert integer to float .
generate a generator of lines for each file of the content .
convert a group id from a group id .
handler for project tests .
return a string representation of an object as a dictionary .
convert an encoding method to an encoding object .
encode a string using base64 .
get text of a link line .
returns a document containing a document for a document .
return a list of all available services cli example : .
get new derivation .
creates an absolute url if it exists .
convert from binary to coordinates .
service view .
generate a list of all of all of the data for a given state .
decode encoded text .
send a message to a tag .
formats a date in time format for a date in utc .
returns integer from given integer or none if the integer value is an integer .
convert an ip address to an ip address .
deletes a cache entry for the specified region .
if an array is not a .
returns a list of the db type for the specified service type .
return a string representing the root of a given distribution .
return true if the given value is a string or a boolean .
return default value for the named vm .
returns a version string from the version of the api version .
create a new app instance .
get the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state .
convert json object to json .
show details about the given machine .
build a list of http requests .
run a shell command with a new environment .
for testing .
join a list of nodes .
returns a method instance with the specified class .
compute the number of x .
list all of the files that have been set into one .
compute f ( x ) [ x ] polynomial f ( x ) .
check if a port is available on a port port .
walk a new snapshot .
returns a new array of arrays with elements in * .
delete a container cli example : .
get hosts host from network .
given a list of pairs .
decode from utf-8 encoded encoded string .
convert a file of binary / etc / version number into a string .
add a new instance to the current figure .
computes the average of a matrix .
set the number of bits in a float .
compute the inverse of the matrix .
return a query for all of a user .
save a new collection .
set up common configuration for all the configuration .
return a copy of a file in a target list .
check to see if the current process is installed and if any installed and if it is installed and EOS
returns a dictionary of yaml .
get all volumes belonging to a specific project .
return a reference to a target object .
set the default configuration for a configuration .
get a group of size of a group .
process the xml and return a dict with the key / value pairs .
test that the columns of a column is set for the columns .
return a list of strings .
write a representation of an instance to a file .
generate a hash for a given file .
get text .
a simple wrapper around the socket object .
converts a value to a string of words .
test for issue # -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
calculate the length of length of length .
compute the exponential of a tensor .
compute the inverse of the inverse distribution .
format a file of the data into a dict of bytes .
fix the given path to the filename .
return true if value is from a string .
return a list of names of names .
get a value from the config dictionary of a configuration file .
warn if dependencies arent met .
convert bytes to bytes .
returns true if the object is a string .
return a summary of the summary summary in the given summary .
save all the cache version .
load a dataset .
api : accepts output .
compute polynomial gcd of f and g .
convert a time zone to a datetime .
recursively set the xml element .
returns a list of available services cli example : .
if : func : py : py : func : timeout .
print a list of available languages .
return the path to the named file in the given path .
decorator for functions that require a function .
write a file descriptor to a file .
restful crud controller for the specified user .
quote - > str .
generate a course certificate to generate a certificate course .
reload the service .
compute the linear expression for a polynomial expression .
returns a list of all of a user .
statement : id rparen .
call a url with a particular request .
collect all of the files in the parent directory .
reload configuration from json .
return the address of the address of the address .
return the current status of a repository .
get the index of the current index .
module function to get a password .
return a list of test files in the directory .
helper function for creating a single string representation of a dict .
update a list of ids in a specific region .
json encode the given data in json .
return a hostname which can be used by hostname with the hostname in the hostname .
list all available vm cli example : .
returns true if running running running status code is running .
view a helper that returns a new user .
verify a request header .
decorator for tests .
send a message to a socket .
return true if the given method is a method name .
returns true if the given file object is a byte string .
returns a tuple of samples from the input .
returns a list of settings for the current settings .
return the path of the file .
test whether two strings are equal .
write report to html files .
return the path to the current linux distribution .
convert text to html .
delete a key .
format a string for format .
return the path of the python build file .
returns file text .
process the image to write image to a file .
compute the minimum of a tensor .
return the model class of the given model name .
escapes a string for use in a url .
find a resource from the given stream .
return the vms size .
convert datetime to datetime .
return the grains of the grains device .
test to see if a file is running .
view for a user .
initialize the module as appropriate for name of variables .
compute a single sample from a distribution of distribution parameters n : array_like .
return memory usage as a tuple .
assert that an element is raised by a specific element .
test whether a variable is not a valid string .
return all of the plugins in the specified package .
test for issue # 1 .
makes a string from an environment variable .
wrapper for : func : py .
show the details from the instance .
returns a proxy url for an instance of the proxy device .
read a content from a request .
merge the branch that the user exists in the repository .
create a class with a class instance .
raise exception if exception is not found in exception .
adds a new task for a particular task .
join a specific url .
get the absolute path to the parent directory of the given path .
replace - > [ : .
default list of parameter .
generate a source code for a source .
calculates the score of a sequence of sequences .
extract a list of traceback from a given exception .
return datetime as a timestamp string .
test that all of the default user is enabled .
attach volume of volume ( s ) in the volume of the volume instance .
setup the demo sensor .
generate a new dataset .
sort an object by name .
compile a source .
returns a unique id string for an http / value pair .
return a string representation of s .
for functions that return an output file object .
return the vector between the two axes .
get a list of the api calls .
fix the source .
return a slice of n .
print a single task object .
set the name of the type of the instance .
returns a dictionary of all the given pattern in the given language .
this function is used for hypersearch algorithm development .
list all available vm images .
restful crud controller .
partition size to device to device name from the device .
helper to get an object or raise if it is not found .
map name to map of map from vm .
output a single file of `` / `` / '' / `` / `` / '' / `` / EOS
ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove .
return data from the remote node .
handle event .
return a url for the http request uri .
handle exceptions and handle them into a single message .
only work on posix-like systems .
a generator that yields items from all of a task .
return a link if the url matches the given link .
return whether or not a given path is a valid directory .
check if a node exists .
get a uri from a uri .
generate an array of n * n * n * .
return a string representation of an object .
if the user is in .
creates a new request for the given path in the given directory .
load data from the csv file of a dataset .
test reading of evoked data .
if the environment variable is set to 1 .
returns the of the set of extensions of the given content .
return the location to use .
assert that the number of bits used in a raw range [ 0 .
returns a port to use for an instance of the backend [ instance ] in the device .
transform a function into a new shape .
return value for a function that will be called with context .
initialize the git repository in the git repository .
fast fastq to fastq conversion .
return a polynomial in k [ x ] .
takes a list of strings and returns a tuple of integers .
returns true if time is in seconds since epoch .
update existing volume group .
generate a new random string of length n .
return a string representation of an object .
convert a value to a native value .
group a sequence of objects by a user .
encode header line to binary data .
create a new configuration file and return the configuration object .
remove whitespace characters from `` / `` / '' / `` / `` / '' / `` / `` EOS
normalize an image metadata .
import and return a list of dictionaries of modules that are not in the config file .
makes a request to the request object .
write output file for the given output file .
returns the course and course id for the course id .
redirect to a http redirect url .
remove a server .
returns a list of all of the files in the given list .
create a new type .
return the url of the current site .
convert a number of bytes into a stream .
return a clip with a clip and a mask .
generate a list of lines for each file .
returns a dictionary of matching a given set of ids .
return true if * obj * is a string .
delete a topic .
handle a single step .
returns the product of the product of the product of the product of the matrix .
return the platform name of the current platform .
returns a dictionary of two strings for each task in the specified location .
test when a model is not a sequence of x .
find a set of nodes of a group of points in a graph .
return the value of a function using the method in the epoch .
read lines from a file .
return a list of paths that are available for the given target .
test if user is not set to a user .
extract the first item from a docstring .
return size in bytes from file size in bytes .
execute a process with arguments and return a new one .
if the user has a set of x .
remove the named file .
add a package to the package of a package .
parse an iterator of text from an object .
patch as a patch to the patch object .
creates a new : class : .
context manager to stderr .
json request object from json .
returns a polynomial gcd of f ( x ) [ x ] .
read data from a file of data .
login with a new user .
load the named dataset .
get the file location of a file .
try to determine the current system username .
get a value from the group with a particular key .
returns an instance of the class .
api : accepts output .
authentication function for authentication .
generate a grid of points in the dataset .
handle any existing task .
create a new app .
return the context of the current process .
returns a json dictionary of data from the api .
escape a string in an xml document .
fixture to create a new test .
returns a list of ip addresses of a specific user .
load data from the dataset .
update download metadata .
set up a package .
if f is not none .
parse an expression into a string of `` title '' .
return a string representation of an object or none .
filters a dict of filters from a specific language .
update the user with a login action .
run the command-line arguments in the current process .
return the status of a service .
split a pathname into `` / `` / '' / `` / `` / '' .
check to see if a security group exists .
return a new tool shed url .
display a list of all users .
match the pattern for the match the match match .
return a url to the image url .
start a thread .
list all of the courses a user has access to a course .
add the text to the end of the line .
get flavor by flavor id .
return the time in seconds since the epoch .
render a string to context .
elementwise exponential function .
return a file path to a package .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a build process .
compute the log of the distribution of the distribution of the distribution parameters x : array_like .
list all of the packages .
parse the query given url and return a dict of arguments .
reads an iterator over a file .
handle a process with action form for views in the form .
returns the representation of the expr .
returns a list of template tags .
return a list of f in k [ x ] .
return a list of the nodes of the input matrix of the input .
returns a list of page models that are available .
asserts the specified output contains text .
test whether the directory exists .
check that groups are not groups correctly .
delete a server .
compute the inverse of * * * * .
parse the header of a list .
returns a string for an instance of a particular django settings .
returns a proxy object for a proxy device .
convert integer to integer .
check if a process exists .
get the mac address of the named vm .
returns a list of page of all the user has changed .
modify section 9 .
return the number of characters in the string .
initialize the module as appropriate for the given path in the directory .
test reading of raw files .
return a new url as a source .
build a list of arguments from a stream .
return tree of a tree .
ensure a vm is absent .
return the first element in the form where one is in the form .
generates n x .
get the plugin instance of an image .
print a message and error messages .
test if cache is set to a cache file .
encode a base base encoded string into the base base base base url .
check if a given path exists .
return true if any of the given iterator .
show a new model in the database .
returns a random integer tuple .
vertical vertical on a vertical array of all of the array .
plot the width and plot the width and height .
creates a new user .
convert an int to int .
returns true if the given string is a valid character character .
update the main entry with the specified path .
test that when we are created from a temporary directory .
direct_declarator : id .
return true if the environment is running in the environment .
ensure that all of the api calls are on .
get volume tag for volume name .
create a custom custom custom page .
get status of a repository .
calculate and return a dataframe of dataframe with dataframe parameters .
decorator for methods of @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ EOS
lookup a lookup lookup lookup lookup lookup lookup lookup .
expression : expression .
return the location of the script installed package in the specified location .
scan a single log file and return a dict containing the values of data .
parses an integer and returns a datetime .
return true if the given object is a random number .
fixture to test with temporary directory .
return a list of files that match the given path .
returns a storage instance of the django model class .
return a list of tuples for the specified package name .
parses a set of flags .
make sure that the function works with no arguments are not found .
convert a port number to a port number .
match pattern to a string .
return a new dict with no longer available .
return true if * address * is * is * .
split a list into n .
parse an http header into a : class : class : class : datetime .
return the text .
add a new member to a member file .
create a new modules .
get the results for a given one .
update the tool shed tool shed in the repository .
return a version of the git tag from the git repository .
context manager to temporarily set the sys .
expand the given path to the absolute path of the current file .
set the default driver .
a helper for defining a flag from a list of strings .
display a user .
convert a date / time string to a date .
try to import a string .
check that the specified value exists in the order to see if the specified value is not found .
initialize the module as appropriate for use in python 2 .
log all of the file in the log file .
compute the product of a set of p in k [ x ] .
save a new environment .
return a message with the given key .
test that the input from input is correctly .
read a socket from the socket .
escape & .
list all available vm cli example : .
helper function to return a string representation of a line in the given string .
find an image url in the context manager .
expected __doc__ .
returns an expression that is not a valid string of `` `` '' '' .
context manager to temporarily create a new block stack .
send email email list of users .
check if the given address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address .
add a course to the course id .
remove the directory that are not in the same directory .
converts an integer to a unix timestamp .
returns a new dataset with data .
convert a string to a valid command .
return data to the remote host using the command line .
convert integer value to binary representation .
return true if the object is a tuple of objects .
return the exception info from the exception exception .
return true if the variable is a positive integer x .
create a new bucket .
return a new image object .
download the contents of a file .
returns events for view rendering .
returns an iterator of an image from a file .
set the number of seconds to the current time .
returns a string of the version .
returns a dictionary of information for a single exception instance .
returns a dictionary of a job ids .
run tests from a list of tests .
returns a wsgi application that is used to the application of the current site .
test that database can be created from db .
returns a list of page names .
converts arrays .
format a line number for an exception .
creates a plugin object as defined in the plugin .
context manager for temporary directory .
returns true if the x is a valid image .
check if the current configuration is valid .
load only on mac os .
print a list of available network interface for example : - > true .
set up the app for the app engine app .
return true if the given filename is a valid python binary file .
reset the state of the current process .
send request to request .
new project form .
create a new message with the given color .
returns a dictionary with the keys specified as a dictionary .
set the default value in the default .
convert a local path to local local path .
get the inset loops from the loop .
creates a new user .
get the tetragrid from the tetragrid .
clean up database .
returns all of the folder under the folder id passed .
checks if the language is in the language code .
return a boolean indicating whether * value * is not * .
run the main loop .
return a string representation of s .
replace all of a source space in a source .
decorator for functions that require several values of a function .
check that the raw power and return the correct type of a power file .
load the dataset and return a dataset class instance .
return the type of the type for the specified type .
creates an xml string from the xml string .
remove a new group .
get the file paths by the directory .
check if a given path exists .
return true if the url exists in the current request .
stop a running process .
remove a profile from the named vm .
convert a datetime to a datetime .
run a single request on a particular job in a particular app .
parse the rule line .
compute the precision .
fake version of os .
gcode text .
create a store of store with given store .
generator that yields a sequence of lines with all the given length .
returns true if a matrix is a valid root of x / 1 / 1 / .
restful crud controller .
redirect all requests to a user .
guess the correct binary class for a given string .
image should be a single space .
return true if the input is a valid image of the current .
delete a new item .
convert a query string to a query object .
removes any argument and block from the user input from the template context .
convert a numpy array of arrays into a numpy array .
find the best match for a dataset .
parse the data from a string .
raise an exception .
test creating chart data .
returns a dictionary of results from a file of results .
returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument .
convert image location metadata to image location .
compute the mean of the mean of an array .
return information about the devices of a device cli example : .
return a byte string of an image .
return all of the templates .
returns a unicode string representation of an object .
fetches information of a specific pool cli example : .
return the first element of a single response .
adds an entry of a new column to the corresponding table .
returns a header of the header of a given file .
given a file object .
plot the plot of a plot .
download the download url for a download image .
return a list of groups with groups .
creates a request object from the request object .
gets a new course object for a given user .
get the first status of a http request .
stop the specified service .
get the size of a disk image .
make a new figure out of a file .
determine if a key is in the key module .
check that the columns of a column is of column names are valid .
parse an date / time string according to the date .
update cache of data from model .
get a list of column names to a db query .
convert integer to int .
replaces line breaks with & line numbers .
send a message to a thread .
get a specific id or id of a provider instance .
reset the current line of a file .
reboot a vm cli example : .
returns a tuple of the url for the specified user .
search for path in the executable .
convert text into an html document .
return a new version of os .
return image metadata for an image metadata .
returns a list of all the django settings in the given namespace .
return the path to an absolute path .
returns true if n is a prime number of n .
return a list of available services cli example : .
get the log file of the log file .
attach a volume .
save all the lines of a given object .
print a warning message .
test raw events .
log a message with the log level .
decorator to require the decorated method in a method .
returns the contents of the block if it exists .
enable the backend for the current backend .
fetch image from google cloud storage .
compute parameters .
set the kernel module if the kernel is available .
check whether the number of a number is a valid number .
remove a named group cli example : .
remove the named file .
return unicode representation of current image .
return true if the object is a generator object .
convert a class object into a class .
merge the given object into the given tuple .
create a new quota usage instance .
determine if the media descriptor is a media .
this method is called when the user is called .
redirect to the current redirect url .
write a output file for a single output file .
return x if a value is not equal to x .
fast fastq to fastq conversion .
get the inset loops .
adds or add index to the index .
check if we are running on a specific version .
returns true if the given module is valid for the given module .
returns a password password from the password of a password password .
process xml with xml .
return the number of bits of a function of a sequence of b .
returns a http request body from the http header .
return a resource file path .
display a password .
returns a list of objects from a class object .
convert a group id from a group id .
creates a new figure with the specified number of values .
run one or more commands from the minion .
print out the summary of a summary of a summary of message .
group by lists .
shutdown the global network object for the current thread .
return a list of all available packages .
read the number of file and return a tuple .
run command with arguments and return its output as a string .
numpy version of numpy .
converts a numpy array to a native object .
return a list of records for a given resource .
find all the paths in a target file in the given directory .
calculate the time of the function of each test .
require an existing site .
get all instance ip by instance id .
return a list of all python modules that are on the given module .
request data from the course .
return a list of available images on the cloud provider .
creates a new block stack for each item in the template context .
serialize obj to a json formatted str .
helper function to create an http server with the specified port .
computes the log of f in * * * .
return a list of all available vm images on the server .
update an existing profile .
return method name from name .
if a new user has changed .
check that all of the hosts are in the given host .
notification and send notification notification notification .
return the locale for the specified locale .
return a path to a python source file .
compute the linear regression loss function for x .
start a network interface cli example : .
check whether the given path is in the cache file .
set node attribute of all the node in the specified node .
return a status for a service .
get a random node from the xml node .
return a new path to the current image path .
returns a random integer value with given number of random number .
get interface from the interface name of the interface .
create a new user .
find all instances for an instance .
return a set of all of the two sets of a single .
returns a new http response with an http / < / > .
a helper for checking that tests have not equal one of the same .
send email email email address to a user .
delete a file .
get a list of pid from the process .
convert a item to a json format of a item item .
compute the inverse transform of f ( x ) .
convert an image url to a relative url .
remove a user from a username .
update or update an instance of an instance .
compute the matrix of a function of a matrix .
returns a list of vectors .
return a path to the path component of a folder object .
update a snapshot .
test that the script can be run when the path is not installed .
print a single group .
test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
generate a new plot file for each file in the given distribution of each file in the given directory EOS
parameters year : int year .
print a message and stderr .
test for issue # columns .
serialize a remote exception into a remote exception .
return a list of fields for a particular type .
handle any `` text '' image `` `` '' '' .
convert an object into an object representation .
return a new content of a content in k [ x ] .
check that the index of a given index is a valid position .
convert a value to a native object .
test if a new image is not equal than or equal than or equal .
check if the address is available .
returns the id of the tag id for the specified id .
given a valid region name .
get the host of a server .
get a service name from the service .
get a tag that is not in the namespace .
returns a new product of the function of the last element of a function .
formats a timestamp in the timestamp of a particular datetime object .
run the sample from the server .
save / update image / image / image / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
encode a string using the base64 encoding .
return the correct values of * * .
build and return a new message object .
if a command is called when a list of times .
expand the `` `` '' of `` '' '' .
get a value of a zone .
register language support with the manager .
return a list of valid valid directories for the given user .
set the default group for a user .
sync the salt master from the master to the master .
checks if a user is valid username or username .
extract all stack of a stack of stack stack .
find a range of ip addresses from a list of ip addresses .
word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word word .
return a list of tables for the given tables .
validate the configuration and return a configuration scanner .
generate a new random integer id .
plot the images in the figure .
return a string representing the `` / '' of a '' string .
return a tuple containing the `` text '' and `` b '' .
return the regular expression pattern in the given string .
return a boolean if the value is true .
output table of lines .
check that all of a source space in a given source .
add a service to a service .
generate a random dataset with random data .
return a list of ipv6 addresses .
check that the range of a range has the same .
initialize the settings settings for the settings object and settings .
decorator to run a test with a test .
test that the column of the column works as expected .
return x : { x } .
show the given figure .
convert an s3 bucket name to a bucket name .
the config is not installed and if the config is not installed .
project id view and return the instance id .
test to make sure that the object is used to test .
set the value of a single variable in the configuration file .
returns true if the given html string is valid .
change the username / password to a user cli example : .
delete all tags from an image tag .
converts a string to a raw html .
converts dtype to numpy .
checks whether the email address is email .
check if a given path is valid .
save / update user / group in a user .
disable the named service .
test to ensure that a file exists .
register a new message in the specified range .
add two nodes of nodes .
expected __doc__ .
return a list of all resource classes in the given module .
delete a flavor entry .
return iterator over the first item in the given iterator .
get the disk image path .
add a zone to a zone .
returns true if user has a specific language in a session .
creates a numpy array of dtype of a set of dtype .
compute the norm of the mean of z .
convert text text to an html document .
adds a new block instance for the specified class .
retrieve all the available vm .
format a message with the given message .
return a base64 encoded string .
run all the tests in the given directory .
update the cache .
validate the uri with the specified location .
delete an entry from the registry .
build a list of lists from a list of lists .
restful crud controller for options .
add the level level for the current level .
returns a boolean of whether the given value is of type .
map a map of map to a map .
generate columns of columns of columns of columns of columns .
generate a new certificate file .
converts an array to a numpy array of shape .
fix the given source space .
check that the task is running and not running .
add a new request to the request uri .
wait for a given state to a given unit .
run a command with the given filename .
return the class from the given object .
check for a valid format of a file from the specified format to the returned file .
load config from a specific config file .
sends an email to the email address .
ensure that the named package is installed .
apply the linear regression of a matrix .
add tags to a file .
create volume cli example : .
returns true if the given http response is a valid http .
build a job from the job instance .
check to see if a group exists .
get a local time zone name of a zone .
create a new dataset .
create a new tree of a tree .
detects image in the file .
return true if all elements of * * is none .
save the number of open in the file .
test if a function is available .
generate a list of interfaces from instances .
find the number of files that match the specified root .
setup the demo sensor .
convert a value to a string .
log a message with severity exception on the exception .
test for file issue # line .
print a node .
remove a header from a specific header .
return the yaml directory that is not available for the current site .
compute the shortest path length from source to source .
remove a resource path from resource .
set the app id of an image .
calculate the number of a number .
format a string representation of a file in format .
returns true if and only if all of the nodes in g .
cache each object in each list of objects .
run a single vm .
connect to * address * address * and return the socket object .
get the number of actions that are running in the current process .
return a new copy of the target .
find the release file in the release .
parse an xml string .
report the given data for a given id of the client id .
add a function to a new items .
set the test hash for the current test .
serialize the given message with the given message .
convert a raw data structure to an integer .
get the root directory to the root .
returns a list of valid services that are available .
gets a list of resources from a resource .
check that we can be used as of the version of the required version .
returns a list of property names for the given property .
return a list of all the current process .
get a template for a template .
setup the app in the app registry .
return x if x is a window .
return a list of all services that are available .
check if the given router is running .
returns a boolean of whether the password matches the specified password .
encode the given value as a string argument .
test the result of the test data .
run the main application from the config file .
set the name of the queue .
run remote on remote host .
call a service or a service id .
validate that the value is a valid option of option or a option name is not none .
create a new instance of an instance of the client .
decorator for tests .
convert integer to integer .
get a list of available video filters .
set the logger for the logger .
a generator that yields items from the database .
generate a random string of length bytes .
expected __doc__ .
quote an characters in a string .
set the locale for the given locale .
create a new block stack of a stack of type .
determine if a request is in the current request .
convert an array of values to a set of values .
generate a code to the code of a block .
set the list of tuples in a list with the specified key .
return a list of tuples representing the first argument of each element in the list .
patch of : func : py .
view a json to update the summary of a particular object .
gets the zone for a zone .
returns a list of documents of all available .
scale x .
returns a status of a certificate .
get info about a user .
update the server with the specified server .
returns the location of the location that is in the specified location .
compute f * * * * using the root of f ( x ) .
get all floating ip addresses of an instance .
creates a proxy object from a proxy object .
check if a stack of stack is in a stack .
get output of the output of the command .
test if an image is raised when one image is not binary type .
returns true if user is admin role .
return a tree for each element of a tree .
run all of the tests in the file .
add a rule to the rule cli example : .
returns a collection with collection .
returns the instance name of an instance .
return a clip as a clip / array of image .
assert response of a response with a response body and return its response .
returns a valid valid valid valid settings for a valid user id .
removes the string from the string .
convert array to array .
create a new figure manager instance for the given parameter .
return a list of all valid instances .
check if a cluster exists .
return true if the object is a method .
flatten a results .
returns true if stream is valid stream .
gets the profile model for the profile model .
send a notification to a list of email .
returns a sequence of degree and weights for the given sequence of values .
list all keys .
compute the linear regression .
get a value from the passed .
decode a string encoded string .
save json dictionary into a dictionary .
test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
returns a list of page title in the path .
add a certificate to a course .
creates a new app .
add a value to an existing variable .
compute a function of a kernel function .
yaml : copy plugin < bokeh > .
convert datetime to timestamp .
return a list of files that match a given file path .
helper function to parse a line of a header into a single header .
return a mapping of paths from source .
check if a logger exists .
tests that when an object is called with a function .
normalize an image name and column .
insert the output of the given element .
find a match for a dataset .
return x as a .
builds a code object from the given code object code .
construct a target from the target for each entry .
return true if the image is visible in the image .
generate a new random document .
returns a new random integer value from the input .
returns a string representing the number of messages .
return a list of nodes in g from graph .
returns a logger for the given logger .
returns a list of all available images .
displays all files in the given list .
generate a version string for the specified version .
return the number of open the file of the given id .
ensure a service is enabled on the named service .
parses a version .
creates an entry point for an api call to the specified server .
run command with arguments and return its output as a list of arguments .
get the string representation of a python object .
converts unicode to unicode .
creates an application object from the application root directory .
return the first element of a pair .
enable or disable an existing service .
create a new figure manager instance .
check for installed packages .
expected __doc__ .
return a json representation of a job id .
return a temporary directory that is not in the given directory .
join - > list .
only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
given a ip address from the address of an address .
returns a list of all the modules found in the given module .
usage : : lx ( ) .
returns permissions for given user / permissions .
return a list of all the samples in the dataset .
check if the input data is in the dataset .
returns a : class : .
calculate the linear model of a model with linear regression .
calculate the average for each distribution of the distribution parameters .
return the vms password .
adds an error code for a specific code .
test for test .
display a gcode file in a gcode file .
yield all of an element of a given string .
compute the number of images in a image .
reset password for a password reset password reset password .
patch the patch of the patch .
setup the demo sensors .
parse a message from a file .
guess the filename of an image file .
return a query of params from the params .
print a figure to a figure .
load a model from a given document .
add a qos to tenant .
get an instance of an instance .
return a list of tuples .
build a new environment environment .
check whether a user exists .
convert a row of row / row / row / row / column to a row of a row EOS
setup the demo component .
write a fif file .
return the path to the package directory of this module .
return size of memory used in bytes .
convert value to float .
return a set of all the minimum of the c { z } .
return a list of the columns with the given expression .
estimate distribution of distribution distribution with distribution of distribution parameters distribution : array_like the distribution of the distribution of EOS
decorator for views that require user be logged in a particular app .
create a data url for the specified data .
load configuration from the file .
update download versions .
run code in a single file .
returns a wsgi filter for use with paste .
perform the handler for the given message on the given handler .
set the default file in the current thread .
create a new bucket .
add the value of the row of text of text .
helper function for the output of a single column .
return a url as a string with all of the arguments passed in / .
helper method for running the default configuration .
return a function that is the number of distribution of the distribution .
get the data from the index .
return the edges of a graph .
given a service id .
convert a sympy expression into a sympy expression .
add group to group .
generate a course to course info for a course .
write file in the specified format to the specified file .
returns a json representation of an api call .
return true if * * * is a numpy array .
set up & run a publisher for a document .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
view for a user to login with a particular request .
return a list of items that are not available .
sets the index of the first item in the list .
encode a string as a python byte string .
create a new media .
returns a color of color with color names .
computes the distance between two 1-d arrays .
context manager to temporarily execute a test suite .
set the given properties on an properties and update it .
returns true if given device name is a valid device name for a device .
returns a list of tuples for all available vm .
update download versions of all versions of a file .
return a frame .
returns a dictionary of { % } instance } object .
check to see if a specific region exists .
the default template for testing .
write the contents of a file to the specified file .
find and return a config object .
get the repository constructor .
return true if the current line is in the current state .
get all volumes that have been updated .
find image in the specified image .
a view that adds a post .
delete a vm .
determine if a service instance is in a particular class .
return a polynomial in gf ( p ) [ x ] .
log the log .
return the grains from the minion cli example : .
check for all of the same .
test if an int is raised .
return the contents of a job id .
parse the data from an xml file .
return true if the given package is installed on this minion .
render an error page to a new image instance .
parse a single item of a dict .
if a user has a course .
convert an address string address to an address string representation .
returns the id for the given id or id .
register a function in a order when given a single argument is not found .
compute the complex matrix to the complex .
compute a complex matrix .
convert a value to a native object .
compute the mean of an array .
returns a list of valid images with path where the user has been set to the given list of EOS
returns the maximum of an array .
extract the number of items from the specified index .
parse a key .
convert value to integer .
return true if the system is enabled .
returns the version from the server .
create a rule to match the specified url .
set the size of a folder to a file in a folder .
generate an instance of a template .
encode a string as a base64 encoded string .
run the main application .
return a list of tuples that have been set to the first .
generates a polynomial of order n in x .
decorator for methods which are not enabled .
configure the server to enable server .
check that all of a given attribute is valid .
formats a date as the time value according to the current date .
parse a test file .
convert an image of a image .
validate that the token token in user has an action token .
return if user can be used in a group .
list the files that belong to a package .
convert an arbitrary object to a tuple .
creates a new session object .
test if a test is set .
enable the named service .
retrieve cluster cluster cluster cluster cluster from the cluster .
create a new config object from the configuration file .
returns a new ip instance of a specific ip .
convert a value to a key .
calculate the results of each data for each group of the file .
get a value from the names of an instance .
prints out a user .
return the number of edges in a graph .
retrieve a pid of the process instance for the specified file .
return * true * if * is * .
extract and extract the output from a tensor .
parses a string containing the metadata and returns a tuple of the result .
get a url from a user .
add current environment variables to the current python environment .
return filename with filename as a filename .
write dataset to a dataset .
decorator that wraps a function in a test case it is not being executed .
find the first element in a set of files for each component in a given path .
get the number of cpus in a document .
get the points from the loop .
delete a comment .
helper function for creating an array .
parses a string and parses an integer value from a datetime .
return true if the task is a task object .
decorator for cache .
add options and / or add a new instance to the appropriate options .
test mne inverse on a figure .
require a package to be installed .
open a file in binary mode .
returns a map of keys from a map of of keys .
set a property .
only work on posix-like systems .
returns the role for a given word .
check whether two values are equal .
create a new config object from a file .
set the current version .
render a document to a filename .
sort the given list of dicts .
run the tests in a set of files .
get the paths for the point of the paths .
check if the given ip is valid .
compute the inverse of the elements of an array .
check if a given path exists .
decorator for views that require a user be called in a cookie .
yield all of a child process in the given document .
compute the score of a score .
given a url .
convert string representation of datetime object to string .
return a list of image objects from a given image class .
returns the path to the package available on the system .
resolve the domain name into the domain name domain name and domain name is the domain name of the domain
parses a group .
api : send a test notification .
read all the files in the given list .
return the path to the user settings file .
return the path to the data directory if it exists .
return a new : class : .
process the image and return a new image object .
restful crud controller .
decorator that will be used as a rule from the command line number of times the function in the EOS
format json .
create a socket object from the socket .
returns true if the request is a single request .
parse the rule for each line .
if item is in the item .
helper for creating a string with all of a set of characters .
a course is created when a user has been created .
write out the state to a file .
convert a file system path to a directory .
write gcode file for a gcode file .
generate a list of filenames from the root directory .
returns the sum of two strings .
write a file to a file .
decode a bson encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded string .
returns true if value is a valid ipv4 address of bytes .
validates that all of a package are valid .
get events from epochs .
run a command and return a list of commands .
print a list of groups .
makes an iterator over an xml document .
create a user .
upgrade all the latest / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc / .
wait for a server to run a http request to the specified server .
ensure a cluster exists .
list all files in a directory .
get the windows system name of the current process .
load image from image .
find a package in the given directories for a given path .
copy a new image to a new figure .
test that the model works .
convert bytes to bytes .
return a new filter object .
returns a new instance of a specific instance .
set the default colormap to match the specified location in the specified way .
converts a dictionary to a boolean value .
returns a tuple of two strings .
get the ip address of a network .
setup the demo sensors .
if the graph is a node .
logs the log to the log .
save data to disk .
get a value from the items or a tuple .
creates a new database .
get the pid of a process instance .
converts text to a json string .
new user .
makes a dataset from each of the device .
test to ensure that the error is raised when the input is not .
get the slice element .
convert a dictionary to a dict .
update a config dict with the given id of the configuration .
delete a content or raise if it does not exist or not .
add group for a hosts .
creates a user .
compute the array and return a new array .
disable the service .
return true if the node is a node .
insert a new node into the list .
process the xml element .
gets a list of email addresses from a given list of email addresses .
return the backend for the current backend .
returns a dictionary of the settings .
compute a field of a field .
run all the tests in the given project .
return a list of images for a group .
get a format log format message .
return a path to the full path of the file .
restful crud controller for options .
handle a single request of login .
return the xml error .
check if all of a device exists .
delete a policy .
returns true if email address is a valid email address .
normalize an index value for a given word .
create a new location .
return a dict of the latest version of the specified image .
set the open file .
return a function that returns none if the value is none .
return the metadata for a repository record .
returns a new instance of a valid s3 bucket name .
return true if the given filename is a valid python file .
converts an xml string into an xml object .
sets the current line .
get instance methods for instance .
return a formatted string for the format to the specified format .
register a service .
converts a variable into a theano variable .
read the specified file of a string .
decorator for views that require an event loop .
returns a new figure with content of the content of the contents of a block in the form .
return info about xml .
check if a database exists .
returns a form field for a db .
test installing from a wheel .
send a message to a log file .
test that a file has been changed from the site .
return a version of the string .
check for a single index .
validate and return a md5 hash of the given file .
check for space line .
run function in case of running thread .
write image to a file in filename .
decorator that require the decorated function in a python interpreter .
return a list of all of the values of the specified file .
creates a directory tree .
debug a port to a host with host on the port .
find all the files in the given path .
returns the locale for the given locale .
compute the kernel between x and y .
return a list of installed packages cli example : .
return a package object containing the source of a package distribution .
return a string representation of an integer .
if the code is valid .
execute a command and execute the command .
downloads all the latest directories for a specific user .
wait for the specified jid .
if user is not in admin context .
returns a group id from a group id .
return list of directories that are available .
declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers .
get a volume id .
decorator for functions that require functions to be run .
validate that the configuration and configuration are valid .
returns the dataset for the dataset .
returns true if the input is valid .
check if a given name is a valid list of characters .
enable the cache of the current context .
generate a new dict with new lines of a new one .
generate a new yaml stream .
remove all of text of a file .
returns a new secret object for the current session .
add a user to a exploration .
returns a version of the current version .
return a list of all of the nodes of the nodes .
migrate the current user .
return language name for the language language .
replace role with role .
wrap the given object with the given arguments .
destroy a resource .
delete a course id .
decorator for cache and cache its response .
return a window with the size of a given image .
return a list of all available images .
validates the message of a message .
test either if an error is raised when x is not binary type .
sort the given object .
settings for django settings .
install a node .
return package version from package version .
get the repository constructor .
return a list of all of the specified format .
return a set of items that are in the given item .
initialize the log log for the given user .
skip a test if a test is available .
create a new security group .
generate a new certificate for a particular certificate .
gets the text of a script .
displays whether the system is running on or off .
return a single image for the given image .
normalize an argument list for use in a single argument list .
get current cpu times .
compare the first and its first and check the first argument to the first .
print a color .
get the output file of the current process .
wrapper for : func : py : func : response .
returns true if the ip address is valid ipv4 address .
creates an instance of the block device .
build a list of all of the instances of a class .
decorator for methods that require methods to cache .
return the timezone of a zone .
convert sequence of sequences .
get stats for a configuration file .
ensure that the named container is absent name the name of the device to remove .
interface to the systems file system .
clears the current line of all the current thread .
test the topic of a topic .
test line with a single line .
initialize all of the modules in the config file .
display a view .
if the original .
run the given command line .
helper for : func : func : py .
get all available regions for the amazon amazon service .
print a list of events .
process the xml element .
parse the hash for a particular image file .
compute the p of a polynomial p .
format a event for event .
return true if the pattern is in the string .
save / save / save / save / instance to instance .
returns a random expression of a sequence of items .
run the given service and return the result of the service .
formats a date according to the date format .
run migrations in online mode .
return image .
initialize the global settings .
generate a list of ip addresses .
call the given function for use with a given value .
print usage of a single option .
return a vm id .
return a string representation of length chars in string .
convert hex string to hex format .
import the current database in the database .
generate a class for a class .
generate a list of pairs for each node of data .
create a new environment .
gets the virtual disk virtual disk type for the specified name of the disk type .
quote a single command line of a single line .
handle fasta of fasta file .
change the group of a user cli example : .
solves the equation equation .
return a string with the text .
run command .
get a resource name from the resource class .
context manager to temporarily create a session .
test the fitting method .
detach an elb policy for the specified group .
split line into lines and data .
convert a : class : datetime into a : class : string .
convert text into a dictionary .
test that the plugin is available .
get user info from salt .
generate a new dataset with template data from the given template .
generate a new : class : .
return a list of all available vm cli example : .
return true if the last item of a given number of bytes .
parse an address string representation of an ip address .
creates a list of template tags for use with template context .
check that all of the required arguments are valid .
if the input is in the form of an array .
compute a linear kernel function of f with respect to x .
list zone for a zone .
returns a random size of size size size .
sends a job to the job job .
split expression into two strings .
image is the number of image in the image .
get a entity by id .
only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than or not .
run a sequence of lines in a sequence .
decorate a method as a method of an object .
convert a time in seconds since the epoch .
test the initialisation of the object .
encode the given filename as a list of files .
parse the command line argument to a tuple .
return a list of all pattern matching the specified pattern .
return an iterator over all objects in a particular object .
only load if the postgres module is available .
create a new project .
restful crud controller - used for database - used for access to the database - just access to the EOS
decode string as a python string .
maps keys for snapshots summary view .
returns the yaml yaml file for a query .
parse data from a file .
apply a function to args of an expression .
solves a linear equation with linear differential equation with linear differential equation with respect to the order of the EOS
return column names for the specified column object .
helper function to run in namespace .
set up the user .
return a random integer number .
download setuptools from a specified location and return it if it exists .
convert text to a list of comments .
change the group of a group .
disable the service .
quote html characters in a string .
return the result of a function that can be used as a string .
decorator for functions that require an event loop to be run in a function .
clear out all users .
ensure that we are running in version .
create a column object with column and column names in a tree .
process the xml element .
return the version of the extra code in the context .
render all the stats .
returns a list of lists of all the specified size in the specified list .
test that when we can be run .
returns a dictionary of all available vm .
load data from the yaml file .
if the user can not be set to a dataset .
return true if the given file path is a valid file .
get the craft sequence of a sequence .
return a color with color names .
set the facts if the facts is not in facts args : facts : facts : facts : facts EOS
update the salt master to the salt master to the master cli example : .
returns a list of strings from a single string .
returns a new matrix that is the two lists of k .
returns a formatted string of a specific number of characters .
encode string as a python string .
get a layer object for each layer of the layer .
ensure a named vm is absent name the name of the key to remove .
convert a value to byte string .
determine if the given ip address is in a given list .
copy a file .
returns the clip between a and b .
helper function for the integer n .
render a response to a string .
same as a * * * .
test plotting of a dataset .
wraps a function to mark functions as deprecated .
redirect all requests to a service account .
returns a string of b from the input .
convert an event object into a tuple .
convert a host string to a native url .
return a slice of items from a request .
return a page .
generate a grid of points from points of points of points .
returns a string representing a date of a date in the specified date .
show the details of an image .
converts string into an integer .
return a copy of the file that is within a given source .
execute a key from pillar .
load a python module from its name .
assert that a and b are equal to b .
gets a list of template objects from a template file .
return all of all objects in a particular object .
return a header containing the header of an image file .
decorator that checks the given value in a list of integers .
map a map of id to a group .
return a list of revision for a user with the specified revision .
create a new figure with the current database .
yaml : jenkins-wiki this plugin allows you to the jenkins : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : EOS
returns true if the given batch is a batch .
rename a file of items to a new dict .
test url for a user .
update the local file with the local cache .
reverse the x * x * .
returns a list of installed plugins .
makes a function from an item template .
return a tensor with shape and shape of shape .
converts a list of tokens into a token .
returns a set of all of the roles that have been created on the given role .
write a message to a file in the log file .
read a file from a path .
gets all the profile that the user is enabled .
compute the score from the json file .
initialize all the modules for the given app .
test that the representation of an object is raised when the target is passed .
view for raw post .
get all instance id of an instance .
validates that the argument of a boolean is b .
get the inset loops .
return a list of files in the directory .
convert shape of shape into array .
display a gcode file in a gcode file .
send a message to the socket .
disable the app .
test that a single instance is not valid .
returns a task object with information about the event loop .
test for issue # 1 .
return a user id for a user .
return the name of the process .
return local mean of an image .
returns a value for a setting in a setting .
image resource factory method .
load the certificate from the config file .
check if the given error is valid .
destroy a vm .
only load if the postgres module is available .
decorator for views that require user to access an http / view .
merge one or more one or more one .
check that all of a particular group are in the specified .
get count of fixed ips by project .
return a list of paths to directories in the given path .
sample from sample .
register a new type for a type .
test that the profile is enabled .
get the z point to the z .
decode string value to base64 encoded value .
wrapper for : py : func : password .
return the ipv6 address in ipv6 address .
returns the of the current language .
get the certificate path to the certificate directory of the certificate .
encode the given stream as a tuple of bytes .
generate a new dataset with the specified path as a list of items .
create a password cli example : .
test that the theano function works with the same result as the same .
restart the process .
decorator for methods which require an exception is being used .
compute the average coefficient of the median distribution for each distribution of the distribution .
handle the results of an api call to the given model .
estimate the linear regression loss .
return a string representation of a python object .
load only on all the modules .
parse a line argument .
generate a list of records for a user .
returns a dictionary of all the active certificates in the course .
returns the next character representation of the given string .
run all the tasks in a given path .
return a wsgi application that is a wsgi application .
ensure that all of a modules from a given module is not available .
create a new instance of an interface from a class .
fake version of os .
return a list of available vm images .
fixture to run a test .
compute the shape of a matrix .
if variable is not none .
test either if an error is raised when the object is called with a random string .
check if all roles are available .
gets a port group from the port group .
call a function with a given name .
execute a command and run the arguments and return its output as a tuple .
redirect a new user to a new event .
parse a string or xml document into a string representation .
build out the version from the list .
generate a unique id for a service instance .
validate the user .
remove all of a line from the line .
return a function that can be used to compute functions with respect to one .
return a list of tuples representing the specified number of seconds .
create a temporary file .
runs the application .
calculate the average of a list of edges .
add the elements of an xml element .
make a new graph .
decode a bson code to bson .
retrieve a list of all the messages .
return a new figure with the correct line of the latest version of the file in the file .
test show version .
return a string representation of text .
assert that the number of matrices is used and returns a tuple of results of x and y .
return a title with the title and title .
returns true if the given string is a valid ipv4 address .
compute user username from the username .
parse a date in a string .
create a new model instance .
helper function for creating a list of fields .
apply function to each element of an array function .
save the revision to the revision .
compute the dot product between x and y .
send email to user with email address and send email on email .
convert filename to raw data .
print the list of options .
returns a boolean value from a single integer .
execute a single command and return the output as a string .
add a member to a table .
retrieves a account account from the account id .
this will store a language information dictionary for a language code in a context variable .
usage : : lx ( ) .
get a range of an object .
test either if an error is raised when the target is raised .
returns an integer representation of the message .
returns a timestamp with the timestamp of a timestamp in the given timestamp .
returns a list with the first element of the first argument .
returns the version of the current instance .
remove all whitespace from the command line .
create a new index file .
print the message of the header to the log .
return a list of elements that are not found in the given header .
makes a model from an existing model and return it .
returns a json representation of a document .
if a user has a permission to a function or is created .
restore the current date to the current process object .
returns a dictionary of the value of a function of the value in a specific value .
return the path to the absolute path of a file .
copy files from one or more source files to another .
return a list of groups with a group .
normalize a string .
create a new project .
print a list of groups .
get a policy for the specified policy .
returns a tuple of language information for the given language .
return true if the given node is in use .
get new repository .
compute the product of a matrix .
compile a string to a regular expression .
return true if user is a locale for a given locale .
wrap a single text .
extract a single test from a yaml file .
check if a given name is available on the named package name .
search for a source .
returns list of state that are not in state of state .
get the full path to the cache directory .
yaml : this plugin allows you to change the jenkins : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : EOS
return a dictionary of information about the current configuration value .
parameters code : int number of file data : str .
extract all the options from a task queue .
removes a certificate from a certificate .
extract the labels into a vector of labels .
returns true if the input is a number .
statement : id .
enable / disable event .
return a dict of environment variables for the environment .
write a gcode file .
unregister a file or a directory on the filesystem path cli example : .
removes all nodes of nodes from nodes .
returns a list of all the ids of the specified dataset .
update the specified host or the specified host .
returns a list of lists for all user ids in a particular list .
sort a list of pairs .
signal the signal to start a signal to a signal .
reload service .
creates a list of points of the points in the range [ x .
formats a number of bytes for a given number .
add the value of a table to the list table .
parse the results of the rule .
build a list of arguments from a map of tags .
convert an array of input to rgb array .
creates a new figure out of the default image file .
read the contents of a file .
hash a password .
remove any value from a complex .
create an api key for use with the given name .
run a function in a thread .
returns a new instance of an environment .
map function to list of tuples .
return an iterator over all nodes in a graph .
register a new block function .
returns a table object that can be used to display a table .
compare two strings .
retrieves the course id from the course id .
set a path to a file in the context path .
test mne raw data .
compute the linear regression .
build a code object from the given module .
recursively convert any data into a dict of dictionaries .
parse a date in the locale .
convert a document into a document .
yield each element of each element in the input matrix .
initialize all of the model .
lists all of the devices in a list .
delete the index .
show all database tables .
creates the file descriptor for the given file .
assert that the output from the instance is not available .
return a list of paths that are on the given path .
install a package with package available on the current package .
called by the user api call to test api call .
get the accessible attribute .
send a message to a ip address of ip address and return a list of ip addresses .
set the inset loops .
load data from a dataset .
return memory information from a python process object .
wait until a function is running .
find the partition of a device mapping from the specified device .
return true if the given path is a valid file .
return the text of the first character of the given text .
list all of the active modules .
returns the code of an code .
if the given file is not a list of files .
filter out the types of a given type .
returns a token for a request .
retrieve the given course key for the given course .
create a new figure object and return a new one object .
remove a resource from the config file .
test for issue # xml .
wait until a process has been updated .
decode header .
cache the response to the cache key .
return the result of the current token .
returns a description of a table .
compute the axes of the axes of an image .
run the api process with the given path .
split the given volume into the given path and the container name .
copy a file .
return a user id from an email address in a user .
generate a hash of a file .
returns a version to the db version .
merge two lists into one or more `` new '' .
extract all of a single list of parameters .
main entry point .
if the input is available .
return a numpy dtype of a dtype of the data type of the dtype of the data .
convert a column of column to a field of a field .
convert a list of tuples into a tuple of pairs .
creates a new database tables for all of the specified tables .
print out the of all of a particular module in a specific distribution .
set the path to the absolute path .
convert a string to a valid python identifier .
create a new record object .
creates a new repository .
declaration_specifiers : lparen id .
return image object to use .
group a security group .
create a new block device and create a new one .
compile user info from a list of files .
convert a value to a python version .
format device mapping file for volume id .
get the path to the git repository from the repository .
returns a boolean indicating whether the element is in a tensor .
return the name of the named vm .
compute a set of values for a particular distribution .
returns a list of dataset that are on the given dataset .
set the current line .
wait until the server is running .
test reading of files .
list all available images .
show a resource .
return a list of nodes in g .
render a file in the given data .
returns ids of ids of ids .
creates a new image file .
save / update the current figure in the database .
returns a random string of length n .
get events for the current thread .
test for issue # 1 .
computes the product of a and b .
returns a string representing the value in a single character set of characters .
return a function that wraps * func * .
removes a valid config from the given path to the user .
test installing from a package .
pool a pool cli example : .
decorate a method as a method as an api .
creates an api response object from the api .
load json file in json format and write it to file in json format .
print a list of messages .
generate a new stream of a stream .
compile a function to be used in a template .
helper to compute the position of a dataset .
return a list of valid raw files .
send message to a file .
generate test suite for test cases .
removes whitespace from the string .
raise an exception if an error is not installed .
test that when we are running in a specific version .
build a new environment .
handle the `` text '' image of an api .
convert a session object to a json object .
get the base url of an endpoint .
filters out items in a set of resource .
returns a password hash for a given user .
returns true if p is a constant p .
returns true if the given user is in the given summary domain .
validates that the length of a string is not in .
print out the message with the given message .
gcode linear move file .
decorator for views that require an instance of an object .
build a options for the options used by the options of a build file .
decorator for views that require user to update an existing profile .
create a new group .
creates a new region for a specified number .
recursively remove an entire directory tree .
check if a given path is a valid file for a given test .
restful crud controller for options .
get a service by host or raise if it does not exist .
ensure that the named group exists .
return a version of the instance of a class .
format a date in format .
decorator for creating a method named tuple .
copy a file to a directory .
test mne test .
handle the process from the remote repository .
parse a server response for a server .
set the current axes with the given arguments .
returns a dict of all of the objects in the given dict .
helper for creating a search of `` data '' and returns a set of `` `` `` '' '' EOS
return the distance between two strings .
return a dict describing all of tags .
calculate the function for each of a container .
check if a module exists .
add a or group of policy .
update image metadata for image .
generate a new task name from a module name .
return a single image of an image .
returns a date string for a date in the date format .
builds a string representation of an object .
decorator to require an account user .
runs the login command .
context manager to temporarily set the current session .
returns a list of the sql statements for all models in the given app .
get the certificate from the certificate .
test when you can be created .
query the query to query the most recent data for a query .
run command with arguments and return a dict with arguments .
run a function in a subprocess .
check if the given value is a valid ipv4 address .
estimate the distribution parameters for an array distribution parameters image : array of array of shape of shape of EOS
extract the configuration from the config file .
returns a cluster with the specified name of the configuration in the cluster .
order by the order of order of order of order of order .
return image as a image .
initialize all command line .
get a list of available vm images .
get the process id from the process id .
test that the input value is the first element of the object .
calculate the average of an array along the given axis .
get new derivation .
filter out results from a list of documents .
check that all of a virtual machine is available .
helper for creating a message from a message .
return a limit for the given content in the given content .
returns the sequence of the items of a sequence .
returns an iterator of n from seq .
creates content from the content of the content of the object .
sort a list of table .
ensure that all of the api calls are set .
returns the item in a list .
makes a class from an instance of an instance of the supplied class .
extract a list of messages from a given path .
create a zone .
calculate the md5 hash of a file .
only load if boto is available .
asserts the specified output path matches the specified output text .
restful crud controller for options .
gets the user credentials from the current user .
handle the `` html '' tool with a new web server .
get a container object from a http server object .
find all of the directories that match the path .
plot the image of a plot .
test reading of raw files .
return a new image class instance .
test for the script type .
set the facts if not already present in facts args : facts : facts : facts : facts : EOS
fake version of cache .
validates that the user is a valid ipv4 or id .
test for # 1 .
helper function for the current window .
load data from file .
helper function to add a named service to the named service .
sends a notification to a notification .
return an iterator over all lines in the traceback .
save a new location .
check if a given source code is valid .
if args is not none .
set the value of a field .
yield all of the lines of a source file .
execute a single command and execute the result as input : - > 0 .
build a simple command line for testing .
return a string representation of a message .
update default configuration options for all of a particular request .
notify a comment .
user edit .
returns a function that returns a new value for the given function of x .
create a new package object .
returns a number of seconds since the epoch for an object .
get a value from the key .
returns a handler for the given handler class .
return iterator of n from iterable .
a decorator that decorate methods that the decorated function is not be passed .
helper for : func : meth : .
returns a random number of random number of dimensions .
merge two lists into one or more elements .
return a string representing a user that is not installed .
creates an api call for use in an api .
list all of the active modules .
gcode text .
run command with arguments and return its output as a tuple .
disassociate a volume type from given qos specs .
sets the location in the specified location .
retrieve enrollment information for a course .
update volume type for given volume type .
stop the server .
make a class from a class with the corresponding to the corresponding python objects .
restful crud controller .
return data to the command .
compute the variance of the matrix of the mean of the distribution .
test that the input is not a valid column .
generate a new secret key .
return details of a particular vm .
if a group is in a character .
parse text and return a html string .
convert date / time format to date format .
displays a login form with a new password .
ensure that the named device name is absent name the name of partition .
test chart rendering with no interpolation .
run the program in the current thread .
extract text from a page of text from the page .
convert a 2d array of shape into a number of shape .
list all group .
display a status in a mode .
delete a cookie .
run migrations in online mode .
main program .
returns a json api api api to api api api api calls .
temporarily print a stream .
get a vm by name .
load a module from a path .
generate a random tensor with the specified shape .
if the input ( ) is ( x ) .
compute polynomial gcd of f and g .
returns a tensor with shape and shape of shape .
return size and size of the current file .
return cpu usage .
copy a file .
helper to get / get / data for a pair of a pair .
add a new image to a file .
returns a list of sample ids of sample ids .
redirect to a given url .
handler for api requests .
return a new graph .
entry point for the main function .
loads a default extension from the given path .
generator function for each record id in the device .
returns code string .
parse a sequence of data into a tuple .
return the distance between two points in * * .
return true if token can be used as an api token .
get the pid from the process of a process instance .
remove any file in * if it is in the current .
returns a document for a document .
if the user has the given content in the given user .
single view page .
generate a new instance id from the given id .
decorator for functions that require functions and methods to be run .
initialize all parameters .
mock mock mock path .
reads an integer from the stream .
set up the sensor .
return a list of values of values of the given distribution of values .
returns a random value with the given key .
find the first match in a set of data in the specified string .
returns a stream of stream from python objects .
exit * * * socket * .
return a slice of length n .
helper to create a base class from a string .
returns a list of pid of the process instance for the specified process .
test that when we are not a file .
resolve the name of the model to the default model .
convert a resource to the native object .
run the test suite .
get the complex from the complex path .
return a list of the vms that are on the given path .
write a text to a file in a filename .
add a menu .
yaml : jenkins-wiki this plugin allows you to the jenkins : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : EOS
run all the tasks in the given course .
tests that the creation of a file extension is set .
converts value to utf-8 if possible .
set the file descriptor to the given file descriptor to the given file .
get the point segment .
return a list of tuples for a set of values .
the scenario is a feature object that is called with a feature object that is called from the tags EOS
returns an http response url for an http redirect .
test that when you can be created from a build .
location view .
convert a numpy array of numbers into a tuple .
split a list of files into one or more than one .
wrapper for : func : py .
start a server .
helper function to get a single space from a tag .
compute the linear regression distribution .
find a class by name in the given class name .
returns the upload of an image instance .
add two instances of * * .
store the template context in the context .
check if an image is available .
assert that the theano function returns the average of the matrix .
patch the patch ( ) method .
get the musicbrainz id of a release .
returns all file files in a list of file names .
register a new figure with a new name of the class .
get the hardware address on unix by running the metric .
test that option of option are valid .
split a list of lists into their string .
return a single module object by name .
test application backend for proxy proxy settings .
returns the version from the version .
update a new folder with a new location .
list all of a users .
read graph in bytes from path .
creates a snapshot of a vm .
map field to a course .
return the sum of the sum of the matrix .
return a list of all the directories on the given directory .
get a list of comment for comment .
parse a string of a text .
return a filename with filename .
generate a key for a given key .
close file descriptor .
print a message with the message .
return a new dict containing the contents of a path to the current environment .
restful crud controller .
remove any content of lines that are in the content .
called when the process is not installed .
ensure that given keys exists .
initialise module .
get the file type for a file type .
returns the word of the current word .
serialize a stream object to a stream .
return a service name the services that are available .
return version from osquery cli example : .
reload the named service cli example : .
save a new image to a file .
create a property that marks a property .
search for download and return a list of all of the files .
wait to see if the server is running .
converts a value to a single variable .
change the user to change a cookie to the user / password .
open a master file descriptor .
creates a new figure out of the current image in the specified environment .
decorator for functions .
only load if the os is available .
disable volume .
creates a function that returns a callable with the decorated function as an argument .
returns a list of all available requests .
resource headers for component views .
convert list of variables to a list of tuples .
write out data to a file .
create a new dataset .
update the latest version of the latest configuration .
load code from filename .
convert text to html characters .
find the first file in the given filename .
decode text to unicode .
retrieve all the info about available on this minion : return : a dictionary with information about : .
return metadata of the metadata set by the provided module .
returns the nth quadrature of n .
convert a value in bytes format into a string .
if two arrays are not in a single space .
convert a json resource to the native object .
parse data from data .
return a dictionary of image metadata from the image data .
return x .
extract the header from a client .
get text of a gcode file .
truncates a string after a certain number of words .
convert a size in bytes into a human readable string .
test that when we have a new one .
create a new topic .
wrapper around execute ( ) .
guess the url for a file .
if exception is not a traceback .
generate a new dataset with lines from the file of a given number .
get the precision in the precision .
register a view with a new .
map the value of a type of type .
update or add site with given site .
convert text into a dictionary .
add `` `` '' '' and `` `` '' '' .
return dtype for dtype of type .
calculate the number of points in a dataset of points in the given array .
return a graph for a graph .
converts a user to a collection .
test installing from a wheel .
generate a new model for a models that will be used for each models .
run the application .
decorator for functions .
returns the number of messages from the request .
helper to get an object that will be used in a namespace .
maximum number of average .
compute a series of data in a tensor .
return a response as a response .
compare files .
run the tests of the tests in the environment .
replaces space character ( ) with a valid character ( ) with space ( ) with space ( ) EOS
return an iterator over all lines in the file filename .
returns the mean of an array .
check to make sure requests and xml are available .
save / update the path to the configuration file in the cache .
mean loss .
apply a function to a and b .
return the number of config file .
filter out items in a dict .
compute the inverse of a matrix .
parses value is a string and returns a dict with the value .
generate a random color image from the input image .
handle a single request of a given url .
delete files from the list of files .
return the path of the given file of the given file .
handle a process with action form for requests .
run command command with arguments and return result cli example : .
setup the demo platform .
check that all of a request has been updated on the server .
creates a new tag with tags from a list of tags .
convert a json to a python object with the name of its tags .
builds a new vm .
execute the pillar and execute the pillar .
set the kernel module if the kernel is installed .
list all the vms that are on the provider .
run the python shell command with arguments and kwargs .
get the current block device mapping .
check the server with the specified server .
test mne inverse computation .
convert a value to an integer .
return a list of all of the files in the parent .
returns the value of a specific configuration variable .
returns a boolean of whether the value is true .
return a list of valid target .
execute a single state and return a dict with the output from the configuration .
get a list of available images from the api .
for a given args .
download an http url to a file .
calculate the inverse function of the inverse function of the test .
return image of the image instance .
return the current level level .
generate a test suite of two numbers that match the same number of times .
test for issue # ip .
converts an integer to an expression .
ensure that the named value is absent from the name of the current process is running .
connect to aws s3 : type of : type of : class : key .
deserialize fp ( a .
find a clip by a given frame of points of a frame of points .
return a dict containing the data from a dict .
update the state of all available files .
returns an object containing the model from an object .
encode string to utf-8 .
only work on posix-like systems .
update the template settings .
new folder form .
run command with arguments and environment variables .
display the main dialog .
return color of two strings .
yield all the modules that are in the given path .
return the path to the package of the package available on the package directory .
takes a list of integers and returns a list of integers .
read data from a number .
convert an ipv4 address in human readable format to an address of address .
convert an integer to an integer .
return a string with spaces in the given text .
compute image regression targets for an image .
image resource factory method .
return a list of all of the current process in the specified package .
return a string representation of a string .
add the output of the given layer .
return the number of edges in a graph .
save a list of steps for a line .
render a comment form to a form .
decorator that require an admin user .
returns a list of entity names of key .
check that the unit of a string is from the string is the unit .
write the metadata to a stream .
creates a new file with the specified name and write it to the new location .
generate a new uuid with the given id .
get all of the parameters of a layer instance .
view for an http get / link with an http client .
return the number of expressions that are on the given expression .
request a certificate to a course .
convert a character character .
returns a status code for a particular instance .
fast fastq to fastq conversion .
handle the `` all '' api calls with the given text .
returns a new image of the given number of bytes .
convert a value to unicode .
write the contents of a file .
checks whether user has a valid status code .
transform the exception for the image .
return a temporary directory containing the current environment variables in the given directory .
takes a arguments and returns an integer and returns a tuple of the arguments .
test that all of a dataset is available .
verifies that the command output contains the log records .
log a file of log line .
helper function to generate the shape of shape .
normalize an argument to a single argument .
run all of the server .
decorator for functions .
product of the iterable .
set the default connection to the configured instance .
return the metadata for the specified repository .
if an object is none .
check if a path exists .
only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
display the main dialog .
creates a wsgi app for the current request .
extract image headers from a response object .
print a list of available port on the current port .
normalize an input string according to the specified format .
flatten a tree to the result of a tree .
returns true if the header of a given header is a valid header of the header .
returns true if address in printable format is in printable format .
returns a new list .
returns a dictionary of default values for a given node .
return the current disk usage cli example : .
update a new item .
get the name of the named vm .
compute the log of the normal distribution of the normal distribution .
update a new project / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
return a dict of all of the messages that are in the given cluster .
return a list of valid python source .
search a value for search in a string .
show configuration and configuration changes if the configuration is enabled .
return a list of tags .
adds the `` post '' of a request .
only load if the minion module is available in __salt__ .
find a function by name .
prefix from url path .
create a quota object from the quota resource .
get data from file data and save .
given an address list .
debug a test script .
this is the test .
get the vector3 path from the vector3 path .
view decorator for views that checks the user with http requests to the view with a view .
calculates the average of a sequence of points in the sequence .
generate a new random integer instance .
returns true if the value is a boolean indicating whether it is true .
validate an uri uri with given uri .
decorator that require an installed version of a package to the named version of the server .
return filename .
return info about node .
add the loops with the loops .
get new repository .
sends a message to the users password .
get a value of a field from a hash .
return the number of open file in a device .
start a new project .
create a new message object .
generate a new filename for use with the given name .
convert a size in bytes to human readable format .
generate an md5 hash of a string .
plugin a single resource .
return a random graph with n x n .
return a limit for limit params from the request body .
list all roles .
convert a path to a file : / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
set the restful crud controller for the given activity type .
signal handler for course .
make a request with the specified code .
set the global variable to a style object .
render an application template to a context .
if the code is in the code of a python code .
decorator to require the api version .
return a new graph .
decorate a method as a method of an object .
replace all of a single space character with a given character .
returns a new theano vector .
set the c { % } .
return the object from the object if it exists .
get a namespace or raise if it does not exist .
test line with a value .
generate a unique file containing the specified unique id .
return a list of installed packages cli example : .
compute a set of pattern .
displays a user in a login form .
test for issue # 1 .
returns a string representation of a document .
merge two dictionaries .
return a uuid from a timestamp in the specified uuid .
test working copy when a target already exists .
return a matrix with zeros for each element of the matrix of points in the series with 0 .
return a jid id from a jid .
set the default colormap to current image if any .
if we are running in a session .
read the contents of a file .
validate that the value is of a valid python type .
make a palette that matches a color space .
check if value contains a given field .
add a port to a vlan .
get the text of a node .
parameter : string .
creates a new project with the given id .
copies the file from the given storage to the given storage .
group items by name .
if the bytes is in bytes .
return a list of users that are not found in the specified user .
test that an http version is not installed .
convert a group object to a group object .
convert a method to a class .
generate a new id for a user .
generate a random matrix of samples from two samples .
check for all of the files in the file .
normalize an object from the response object from the method .
returns a list of keys with the specified key .
restful crud controller .
parse the message from a message .
return the number of labels in the input array .
helper for creating an instance of a description from the input distribution .
start a range of time series .
return a string representation of an integer value .
return the base path of a base file .
return a list of all job ids .
run a command and return its output as a command .
test color function for rgb .
set the path to the default function in a collection .
a wrapper for : class : py : func : restful crud controller .
extract the hash of a given file .
encode a string using the base64 encoding .
loads the environment variable and returns the path to the environment .
generate a new request id .
return the shortest paths for nodes in the graph .
link to a github api call .
ensure that the named volume is absent on the system name is absent name of the name of the EOS
return the contents of the current process .
send signal to all of a signal .
return a dictionary of keys that are in the given key .
generate a random string with chars .
extract a list of of nodes from a graph .
parse a patch file and return its filename .
creates a new instance of the appropriate command .
update the key / value of a key .
yaml : string .
delete a table of entities from the given table .
returns true if the given url is a valid http / password .
restful crud controller .
draw a grid of image with respect to the given image .
setup the transaction .
return a base class for a base object .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
helper function to handle json .
set the number of times the folder .
context manager to get an object .
create a new session .
calculate the average for a given distribution of the current plot .
update group .
image resource factory method .
process the xml element .
return true if mode is from a file .
create a new random key object .
decorator for creating a new state .
get the evaluated element .
get the public key for the object .
return the name of the current file .
returns a column value from the column of the column of the column .
creates a document .
return the first configured salt process of the minion .
load a dataset from file .
compute the average precision from the images .
generate a datastore key .
return a new url if the object is available .
this is a callback function to the group .
test for issue # 1 .
returns a new instance of the current thread .
update images in the specified image .
load and return an instance of an application .
tests that the number of a string is a valid integer and that is not a number of integer EOS
get a set of numbers that are in the same number of times the same .
recursive helper for : func : func : k [ x ] .
create a new random domain object .
formats a value as a string of integer 1 .
generate a new instance of a repository from a repository .
return response for when http status code is returned .
calculate the sum of the sum of the distribution .
creates a tensor with the specified shape .
generate a random string of a random string .
get equated paths .
returns a list of valid valid permissions for given user .
check that all of a given match .
get a table object for a table .
block function to be called from a block of code is a valid string .
generate a list of all models for a given model .
only load if boto libraries exist .
stop the server .
convert a path to a list of items .
run all the main loop .
return true if the given object is a valid python source .
return the signature of a function .
if a test fails .
computes the sum of matrices of f .
returns a factory for instance that is a class instance of the given base class .
return a list of the output file of the given source .
print out the summary of a job .
print a message structure .
is the process of the process is running .
returns a password from a password .
display a gcode file in a gcode file .
set the default version of the specified policy .
split a string into an integer and return a tuple of the first argument .
check if user is available on the system .
test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
require a package installed .
test the inverse function for an exception object .
attach a json usage representation to an instance .
only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
if the user input is set .
handle epochs from a series of events .
compute the product of a vector .
test that the user can run the `` test '' command .
returns a tuple of the show version .
determine if a column is in the form of a column .
creates a role .
json with the given json .
copy data from src to file .
yield all the xml of a document .
if the input variable is in the input .
x : a theano tensor of x .
delete a url .
display a list of all available vm .
creates a cluster in a cluster .
pack an object into an array .
return a tuple containing the arguments and the results .
returns true if the given range of a given range .
generate a new options file for a particular resource type .
connect to the specified device .
get the file name of the file in line .
parse the command line arguments .
computes the coefficient of f in * x * n * .
generate a filename for filename .
update the output of the given series .
stream output from the given stream .
returns a dictionary of headers from a http request object .
set the private key to the secret key .
write a list of events to a file in a fif file .
return system memory as a tuple .
return the base base class with the given base base base string .
return local mean of an image .
decorator that require an admin user .
decorator to set the signature of a function .
return a query string representing the query .
calculates a 2d tensor from the given input .
cache the arguments in a cache object .
return true if * 1 * is * if * is not * .
get the distance between a line .
restful crud controller .
return a generator of all of a test .
return the root of a container .
send notification to instance .
generate a course metadata .
return a generator of nodes of g .
same as a is not b .
return a list of file names from a given file .
test that the test does not exist in the version .
fit a single sample of the given object .
return a list of random variables with the given distribution .
return a polynomial in k [ x ] .
get an object info about an object server .
check that the dataset function works with respect to the correct type .
execute a single section of the current process and return the result of the last line .
build a string of a set of characters .
return a base path to the base path .
the inverse of service .
returns the index of the given index .
get a value from a request .
set the password for a given password .
parse the line of a line in a line .
convert a number of lines into a tuple .
returns a string of the list of strings .
encode the given string as a byte string .
convert an integer to an array of bytes .
gcode a gcode linear move file .
return a tree tuple for a tree .
return a task object as a task name of the task name .
return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
write a list of to the settings .
delete a resource .
check if a package is installed .
load the dataset .
helper function for creating a new set of values for a given set of values .
query the resource and return a new query of a new group .
returns the python version from the python version .
adds one or more lines to the local file .
test that the clip does not have one space .
return the class for a given class instance .
draw a graph .
return a list of all available services .
runs a command .
course a course .
tests socket .
expected __doc__ .
quote html characters in a string .
loads all the language .
kill a container .
source : url .
write text to a file .
returns a new wsgi environment .
detects image in the file .
get a api instance from the api .
tests that when all of a single space .
this function is used to execute the command line argument to the command line command .
returns a list of available roles of a user .
return the graph of a graph .
return the value of the config file .
fix any argument to the original space .
returns a group object with a group id .
change the order of a section 9 .
main program for the pid .
extract the title from the metadata title .
get options from options to the options .
update a users password .
get all volumes belonging to a host .
return the full path to the target file for the target .
display a message .
return a tree for a tree .
convert an image to human readable format .
returns a tuple of the values of the given key .
returns a new request object for the current request options .
build a target class with target and target .
returns language for language .
return a list of all the config files that match the given path .
yaml : jenkins-wiki this plugin allows you to execute a file .
creates a new template tag .
gcode text .
check for a float or float value in the range .
setup the demo sensor .
returns true if the environment is running in the environment .
convert a matplotlib image of the appropriate model into a dict of images .
returns a json representation of a file .
get the notification service .
get the complex matrix to the complex precision of the complex points .
add the id of the given job id .
find the n elements in a dataset .
return a new copy of a user .
test config from a config file .
remove all files that are running in the specified environment .
open port for port .
verify a signature .
number of bits in a range of points .
log a message to the log file .
return a docstring with all lines in the given document .
setup the demo sensor .
return a generator of lists of seq with k .
send notification to notification notification for a notification .
fetch image data from the specified image .
return metadata from the metadata file metadata as a dict of metadata .
test if the given url is in the same way as the path .
export a file in a directory .
test rgb to hsl color function .
delete a default configuration file .
convert color color name into color space .
return a dictionary with keys that are in dictionary with keys .
adds a message with the message level .
test that when http is enabled .
set up & run a publisher for the source .
adds a message with the email address of a given email address .
check if the value of a field is valid on the integer or not .
get current video video .
return list of installed modules in the given module .
sets the parameters of a set of parameter values .
update an instance of an instance .
returns a boolean of whether the value is in a change range .
context manager to set the global option for the current context .
output report of messages .
show the details of an image .
factory function for creating a class that will be used as a new one class to the class .
create a new figure manager instance .
helper to get field name from a field .
returns a byte string of bytes .
generate a random string of length .
add the value of the given image path to the file descriptor .
display the current remote host status .
compute f * * * * * using the polynomial f in gf ( p ) [ x ] EOS
evaluate the python code that is the number of times .
get a loop .
return a range of a range of a range of start .
return true if x is a boolean array .
test that the class is raised when we can not be used for an object .
call the function call with the action function .
add a new instance to the database .
write all index to a new .
write a new line to a file .
build a list of options from a specific user .
returns true if user has permission to access with given user_id .
update a process status .
test dir with temporary directories .
decorator for methods which are not created .
exponential linear regression .
get a title of the title of a title .
return a graph with nodes on the nodes of a node of a node .
validate that the value of ip address is in use .
returns the number of bits of a string .
return an iterable over the elements of an iterable .
get a process instance from the process id and process output .
return a matrix of gaussian distribution for a given distribution of x .
read float from bti file .
assert that two elements of expected and expected are the expected .
directory tree generator .
return a certificate from a given object .
only for windows .
makes a function from an expression with an expression .
test that the inverse of an image is not binary or equal to the correct value of the correct EOS
change the value of an object in a variable .
return the url for the given image url .
create a client .
helper to define an expression that is not a expression with the first .
test if you can be created with one or more than one set .
test to make sure that the html column is not equal to the correct value of a list .
view function for creating an http response object .
return a new task object as a string containing the id of a particular key .
returns the number of characters in a string .
return true if the given expression matches an expression .
reads the contents of a file .
close a repository with a given id .
returns the frame object for the current thread app code .
get new derivation .
returns a new field for a given field .
creates an instance of the class .
gcode text .
returns true if the given profile is a profile .
sample from a random number of items .
test that the script can be run as a script with a specific version .
returns the version of the tuple of the python version .
test mne class .
return a list of all the commit that are running .
get the description of available audio output file .
update local cache for an instance .
return a string with all of * .
execute a command and execute the output as a string .
load a certificate from a specified buffer .
convert a value to a variable .
if the object is a valid type of a type .
return the value of a config file .
draw a single line with the given distribution .
return the first n items of an iterable .
encode the input .
returns a list of the sql statements used to remove all tables in the database .
create a new project .
this is called when the server is run in the server .
return a function that converts a callable into a callable .
test that a new environment variable is not set with no longer on the current environment .
set the given user id for the given course .
convert raw data to a format that is the format for the specified format .
return a list of all available vm images on this system .
returns a tuple of numbers .
if the config setting is set to 1 .
return the sum of the elements of an array .
return the string representation of the given pattern .
ensure that we can be loaded from a set of classes .
helper function that takes a list of dictionaries of dictionaries and returns a list of dictionaries of dictionaries of EOS
clear the system .
returns an instance of the socket class with the given socket .
makes a datetime .
creates a new user .
returns the url for the view that is not a valid string .
read a file of all the files .
returns the hash of a given string .
returns whether the given summary is enabled .
generate a new local response for a particular plot .
return a list of metadata about the current request .
return a list of unique elements in iterable .
return the system host system as a string .
ensure that all of the modules are available .
return all files in the directory .
compute the mean of the mean of the distribution .
removes whitespace from text .
copy message from src to error .
migrate the current user to the profile .
convert date / time format to date format .
convert an integer to an array of complex matrix .
return the number of paths that are in the given directory .
delete a user .
parses a date string in the time zone format for the user .
return a dict of all available images on the cloud provider .
enable the named service to start at boot cli example : .
format a single character of bytes .
return the sum of the local sum .
returns a list of page of a topic .
build a dictionary containing a source of lines .
find a buffer in a buffer for a given buffer .
parse the results of a command line .
show all of a single image .
makes a function that returns a new xml document .
write a file to a file .
return a string representation of a revision .
create a new response with an error message .
set up the request .
write a sequence of bytes to a file .
evaluate f ( a ) or an array if f is not .
normalize a name from a python module name .
convert a job id into a job id .
check if a cluster exists .
delete a user from the group .
read yaml file and return yaml file .
check that the value of a script is set .
update a filesystem path .
view to create a new user .
check if a tag is in a block tag .
check if a cluster exists .
parameters column : dataframe .
creates a new instance of the type of a file .
return a list of all instances .
add the cluster and cluster of a cluster .
delete a security group .
restful crud controller for options .
returns the stream from a url .
ensure that we are running in a dict for a specific configuration .
return a time series with probability distribution parameters .
parses a single line of a source .
returns a dictionary of messages from request .
test for the current process .
get the node and delete the result .
create a new service instance .
return a new version of a function or raise an exception if it exists .
test that the decorated function works .
return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
returns the shape of a matrix .
generate a token .
flatten a list of tuples .
get float by the prefix and xml element .
test for yaml .
helper for creating a string of bytes from a string .
cache time zone .
make sure that the html string is valid .
user list .
converts a string to a `` `` '' string .
check if index exists and if it exists .
install one or more packages .
show a single title .
setup the demo component .
returns a list of courses that are not in the course .
convert a file system to a native object .
return the exception handler exception .
mode : string .
destroy a instance or instance .
wrapper for : func : meth : meth : py .
helper function to parse a string containing a list of tags .
run a callback in a transaction .
create a new collection of arguments from a collection of arguments .
print a single command .
read the configuration from the configuration file .
get the complex with the complex .
create a new figure manager instance for the current process .
copy files from the source file to another location .
returns a connection to the current connection .
return a string representation of the job .
scenario # scenario .
save the current template as a file of template .
if a comment is not set .
open a url in the environment .
returns a hash of the password hash .
returns a list of all available templates .
get a path to the resource class .
adds an item to the list of items .
set the size of a figure .
calls a function in seconds .
convert a tree object into a tree object .
format a exception into a string .
returns the tag of a string .
create a new resource object .
get a list of all the project .
convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a dict of dictionaries .
read labels labels from labels to labels .
perform the inverse test .
create a snapshot .
removes all characters in a given string .
returns an http token for an http request .
generate a new file containing the contents of a file .
test url to a file .
verifies that the log message is valid .
match the match for the match match .
convert an integer into a form field .
generator that returns a generator of lines from a file .
computes the average precision of a distribution .
get the number of cpu times for this process .
run command with arguments and return its output as a list of arguments .
event : name of an event .
update a tenant with a new id .
find a package .
parse an xml string from the xml .
run the given function in a given stream .
sets the log message for the http requests log .
calculate the number of tasks that are on this api .
filter out lines that are not set .
start a server .
creates a new user .
return true if the given character type is a valid color .
build out the build script in the build directory .
check if a request has access to the api .
given image size .
delete a uri from the given uri .
return the next n .
import a namespace .
copy files to a file in directory .
return a list of text lines with no longer than one .
extract version from the version .
make a path relative to a directory with a given path .
parse the data from a url .
fix metadata .
log the output of the input stream and the output stream .
restful crud controller .
get the matrix tetragrid from the vector3 matrix .
generate a new theano shared variable .
return items of items in a sequence .
return a new dict with pairs of pairs of pairs .
create a new project object .
generator that returns a single line of a block of tokens .
upload a file to a file .
get a model for an api call .
update the local cache object .
add a queue for the queue .
list the keys in a list if one is one .
set the template for a template directory .
find the first match for which match the given node .
get all console console console console pool .
sends a post request to the user .
decorator to require an admin user model to a particular model .
parse a list of tokens from a stream .
validate and validate a api endpoint .
return true if the given process is running .
converts a string to a unicode string .
return a list of properties for a key .
read a file and return as a dict .
wrap api method to handle exceptions .
creates a new distribution for the current distribution of the current distribution .
step with step .
returns a list of points in a tensor .
test that the input is raised when x is different at fitting and that is not start with EOS EOS
render a template tag to a context object .
print a file .
convert a raw xml string to a list of characters .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a build process .
delete user cli example : .
returns a list of all the elements in a dataset .
run a command .
update the token in the current instance .
normalize an integer value in a unit unit .
run the given options in the given directory .
view for a new request .
cache the arguments of a function .
format a table of column names in a table .
converts a pattern in the pattern to a regular expression pattern .
get a local ip address for a given ip address .
scale the scale .
build a table from a table .
join a path like / directory .
elementwise exponential function .
return a string with all characters in the string .
return a string that contains text in the text .
apply a dictionary of fields to a dictionary of items .
check to make sure images works properly .
return a new product of n .
apply a rule to a rule .
returns the key for the given key .
detach the specified device from the device .
helper for getting a warning on a given message .
generate a new user .
wait until the element has been true .
get a list of plugins .
create a new cipher object .
make sure ast can compile valid compile valid .
test for the ip address .
returns true if number is a number .
returns the first item in a list .
set the class to the logging level .
returns true if the class has a class or not in the class .
checks whether the given metadata can be used as a number of metadata .
get the header for a given filename .
parse a string representation of a node .
set the volume in volume to the current volume .
split the path into components .
returns a user id from a user .
convert an object to a native object .
only work on posix-like systems .
creates a new figure out of the last modified in the last time .
disassociate a volume .
search for a match in a search of a search of pattern .
test that `` -- '' and `` -- '' .
from : func : py : class : file .
write a sequence of to the graph .
map host to hosts .
returns the length of the length of length .
execute a single process in the registry .
convert a value to a list of strings .
generate a unique id of a certificate .
get list of input variables .
test for issue # prefix .
process all of the files in the directory .
build a test case of the files in the directory .
unregister an auth backend .
a title .
new service form .
get the first api id of an entry in a given region .
returns true if all elements of a sequence in seq .
returns a new database instance .
return the first element of a function that is called .
yield items from a list .
helper function for the end of a string .
list all available services cli example : .
print out the current figure .
create a new project .
save all the nodes in the node from the given node .
generate a new file containing the contents of a file containing the key .
returns a session object for the request session .
statement : integer expression .
group a field by its group .
returns true if dependencies of a tree contains a tree for each class .
if s is a string .
generate a random uuid string uuid .
returns a dictionary of document from string .
plot the image in the specified width .
return a list of available services cli example : .
get a uri from the given location .
update an existing resource .
get the xml tag .
returns a message of messages from the given message .
returns a function that returns a new api call to the specified api call .
returns the name of the type of the specified class .
render an application template to a context .
update the status of a given resource .
retry decorator .
creates a new graph .
test that the target can be used to target when using a target class .
convert integer to integer .
convert a dictionary to a dict .
test whether a string is not a valid character .
return true if the given stream is a valid user id .
compile one or more source files .
compute the kernel quadrature .
data - > tuple .
interface to the command line target file .
return true if the method can be used as an instance of the method .
start the local node .
returns a tuple of field names from a field .
convert a path to an absolute path .
convert a vector into a vector .
return a list of all the files in the given path .
create a new window and set the new window for the given view .
convert a text in a source space to a file .
generate a new api response for a particular request .
return info about info about a cluster .
group add .
copy an index file into a new copy of x .
check if an item is an instance of the item .
maps keys for details view .
remove an item from a key .
test reading of header .
return true if the file is configured on the minion .
read a task from a file of tasks and return a list of results .
return the absolute path to the original space in a scalar .
convert a key to a byte string .
check that the header of the file exists .
kbengine method .
format an object as a string .
decorator to skip test if f is not in f .
generate a certificate for certificate .
given a list of strings .
escape a string in an xml document .
list all of a tenant entries in a list .
get the text .
convert a value to a native array of points .
delete document .
returns a list of tags .
request section 9 .
list all of the configured cloud provider with the specified provider .
generate a unique id .
generate a default group of a node .
log the logging log to the log file .
convert a dictionary into a dictionary .
get current audio audio output audio output stream .
restful crud controller .
same as a / b .
returns a dictionary of two dictionaries .
serialize a mapping file to a dict of dictionaries .
test that the behavior of -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- EOS
returns page of page .
copy a file .
returns a model instance for the given app model .
makes a color from a color .
create a new one of the specified type .
default view function for handling test .
return a zone as a zone .
set options used by the options .
checks if language is available .
install the flocker package with the current environment .
return a string with color code .
compute the loss function for the y .
run a command .
create a new cipher .
decode a string encoded with the given header .
test if the url is not set to a dataset instance .
test that the input can be used as a float .
test epochs for epochs files .
handle the next state of a specific object .
return the index of the data .
returns a proxy device name .
convert an array of array into numpy array .
get the text of a node .
return a python version of the current python source file .
convert a list of lines into a list of lines .
return true if the given endpoint is valid on the given endpoint .
convert string format to json format .
get an object or raise an object .
switch a random expression with a given expression .
mode : a section 9 .
helper for the locale ( ) and the locale ( ) function .
save data to file in filename .
test run for test cases in the test .
merge a service .
extract the first address of a given message from a given address .
call a function or call the appropriate api on the provided arguments : : the name of the user EOS
decorator for views that require an object .
encode a python name .
display the current network time zone .
add a new type for a type .
check if the version of an instance of the given version is valid .
converts a value to a tuple .
return a unique hash for a file .
set the option to use .
compute the maximum norm of a matrix .
create a single array of type of data / data .
a decorator to run a function in a database .
main entry point .
return a string representation of a file .
check if a given id exists name is valid for the id .
return a string representation of a valid buffer .
add an absolute url to the current environment .
normalize an expression from the range of integers .
create a new private key .
delete a container .
remove a user from a username .
parse the tokens and return a list of tokens .
write a fif file .
interface to the command line target .
returns the python version from the python interpreter path .
return a list of items that have items in a queue .
run html document with given document .
decorator that logs the decorated function into a warning that will run .
convert an integer to a date string .
maps keys for summary view .
returns a command line number of tasks that are on the given command .
ensure an object is absent .
converts a string to a value .
yield errors from log error .
return a list of all packages that are on the specified package .
convert string to a datetime object .
add all of the files in the directory .
return a relative path relative to the local directory .
generate a new file containing the contents of a file containing the key .
set the value in a setting .
helper for : func : meth : meth : py : func : rtype : the name of the EOS
return a list of resource names that are not found in the given resource .
return a node with the tree .
update the view of a particular object .
test that the package exists .
normalize an expression to a directory .
event handler for the event loop .
test that the x is a number of integers .
send a message to a user .
build os .
get all instance ip by instance id .
setup the demo sensor .
test to ensure that an instance is raised when the target is created .
count the number of bits in a range .
if there is a cache file for each cache directory .
return a list of the first kind of the given string .
parse a line number of data files .
test plotting of a single distribution .
compute f * * * * * * f in k [ x ] .
delete a volume .
view for a user to login in a form .
find a match for each of a particular block of characters .
call a function with an optional arguments .
generate metadata .
computes the linear regression .
generate a version string from the current python version .
view for creating a json with a single request of the response .
remove the os .
get a dict of information about a named file .
check that the user has access to the course .
create a new package .
compute shortest paths from source in g .
sets a message with the message .
yield elements from seq .
if we are running in a specific state .
sync the modules from the salt modules .
generate a filename for a file .
set the set of the set of the set .
calculate the number of n x n x n .
returns a tuple of the form of the given address .
calculate the line of a line .
copy a file .
test to ensure that the json output contains .
setup the command line argument .
returns true if the specified service is available .
returns true if two strings are not equal .
return image with two images .
normalize a resource .
stop the given application .
returns true if the given path matches the given pattern .
decorator that adds header of a response to a response .
import a class and return a module with the given name .
return version as a tuple of the version .
return a new : class : .
gets the default value of the default dataset .
return version from git .
decorator for methods of methods .
set the host to host in the host .
sum the elements of the elements of the given array .
write to xml .
returns a string of random strings from a string .
decode a bson encoded encoded encoded string .
returns a set of sequences of sequences .
test channels for channels .
run the given function in the default application .
adds a date .
convert file objects to raw data format .
returns the root directory of the settings file .
decorator for marking the function as an http stream .
lists all available default .
make a axes that axes * axes * y * .
get a list of all the settings in the settings file .
decorator that checks whether numpy and numpy are equal .
return a list of all files in the given root .
test installing from a wheel .
execute the action on a document .
converts a value to a binary representation .
normalize an array from the values of integers .
handle the `` text '' line of a process .
parse options and return a list of options .
converts a string to a human-readable file .
find the largest elements in a dataset .
get the complex matrix .
returns a new dictionary with keys and values of the keys .
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
compute the kernel for a given distribution .
create a continuous random variable with a continuous distribution .
computes the quadrature of a polynomial .
converts a value to a boolean value .
decorator for functions that runs a function .
sets up model and save model .
returns a tuple of the number of numbers in a set of numbers .
return a list of all of the files in the system .
returns a configuration of the configuration from the configuration .
show status of a service .
print a list of events .
save a dictionary to a file in a dictionary .
return a function that returns an integer n .
return a line with two points of points in the given line .
parse an expression / value from a string .
load the extension in the default format .
check to see if the device is installed .
helper to generate a new block stack .
set a variable .
validate that the value is in the range of a particular type .
get the value as a string .
return a string representing the character in the given encoding .
parse a string according to a string .
create a continuous random variable with a f in a continuous variable .
returns a matrix of row with columns of a matrix .
list all of the `` `` '' '' from the given string .
draw the figure in a figure .
tests that we find an int with a number of digits .
parse an expression with the tree of the tree .
return a byte string of data .
add the text of an image .
returns a new instance of a matrix .
takes a list of lists of ids and sorts them in ascending order .
return a list of image instances that are not found in the specified image .
move a stack of the frame of a frame in the frame .
returns a template string for the given template name .
return a timestamp with seconds since epoch .
convert x * x * to a single array of values .
return a list of all available templates .
strip html tags from text .
shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
copy a node from the node .
find a version of the first api name in the given version .
dump a device to a file .
assert that the client id of a process instance is running .
tests that we can run all the tests of a module .
return a tuple containing the values of the current python source .
filter out params from a list of params .
quote - > str - > str - > str - > str - > str - > character EOS
returns an array of items from a .
test reading of evoked data .
compute the matrix of a matrix .
return a filename version of the given filename .
helper to print a function for yaml .
check for docstring not start with space .
returns true if all of the given strings in a dict .
returns a node from a node .
returns a tuple of of nodes .
sample from distribution with random distribution .
run a command in a shell .
test for # 1 .
set the default colormap to be used when the device is set .
factory to create a device class .
returns a callback object for the given function name .
check that the url exists in the url .
statement : id .
return a new tuple representing a * * * * * .
this is a helper function which is called when the current request is not found .
returns true if the given version is installed .
returns a dictionary of all the keys in the configuration .
set the key / value of an item .
sync the modules from the salt : / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
convert a file of the table to a table .
count number of lines in a word .
remove a file .
returns a string representation of a user .
convert an object to a native object .
handle a container .
splits a sample into ids of ids .
render a response to a given path .
log a request header with http response header as the response ( ) .
converts an image array to a numpy array .
creates a new tag for the current thread .
returns a dictionary with the given id of the given id .
find all child nodes in the given parent directory .
clean up after a test state .
get command line path information .
creates a new session object .
return a list of the templates of the given distribution .
parse the yaml stream and return a stream object .
recursively ensure that all of a cluster node is present in data .
set the course to the course .
only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are available .
merge two dictionaries .
return a function that will be called with a single code .
test that all of the names of a package is not installed .
set the time zone for a given date .
return n integer n from n .
test the process of a process .
return resource object to resource file path .
parse a number of bytes from the file .
compute the mean of mean of * * * .
a simple wrapper around the template .
check to see if a template file exists .
adds a new variables for all variables .
download the data from the specified path .
converts a request object to a request object .
raise an exception if the given object is a function .
get the carving for the salt .
is the process ? .
flatten a nested iterable .
factory function for creating a new request object .
check if a given string is valid .
return a version of the postgres server .
returns the ip address of a ip address .
kbengine method .
convenience function to run the default arguments to run with the specified arguments .
raise an exception if a and b is not b .
for testing .
test that a dataset is created from a dataset of model .
decodes value from base64 to unicode .
find the image for an image .
convert an image array to an array of shape .
convert : array_like .
create a client from a client instance .
encode a dictionary of params values to a dictionary .
remove a user from a username .
convert a group name / value to an absolute resource name .
get the number of bytes from the current python source .
returns a dictionary of message .
creates a service instance of the credentials class .
list all of the data that are on the provider .
return true if the image is a kernel type .
returns a password string for the given user .
print a single space .
returns a service instance of a service instance .
return a queue object to a queue cli example : .
return a list of strings .
initialize a set of test .
convert a container container name container name or id to a container container container container name .
install a new project with new .
parse an http header into a tuple .
return a tuple of the current stack of * * .
load data and load data dataset .
convert matrix to z .
get a list of page size in a request .
unary_expression : declaration_specifiers .
return a boolean indicating whether the given name is in .
get the path to the configuration file for the specified location in the configuration file .
parse a string containing the number of pairs of a type .
remove an entry from an entry of entries .
test that a temporary directory with a temporary directory that is not installed .
create a new post .
convert a unicode object to a unicode object .
only load this module if the minion module is available .
request data from http / / / / post / request / post / post / post / / EOS
format a list of message about all of a process .
if the input value of a single variable is not set .
returns a password hash of a password string .
get the users home directory .
compare two strings .
read all the files in the given list .
checks whether user can add translation repository .
lock the directory path of the file in directory tree .
return a list of random characters .
test join when one or more or more than one set .
tests that the api call api call to a method on an instance .
set the time in seconds since the epoch .
compute a set of polynomials in k [ x ] .
return true if the distribution is running in use .
test that a package is installed .
generate a sparse matrix of shape .
returns a boolean of whether the value is the argument .
rest controller - used for options .
command : error .
returns a list of product of all the user defined in the current .
execute a device with device name .
generate a dataset id from a dataset .
convert raw data to raw data .
creates a client for a client .
get a value from the name of the named vm .
set the topic to a topic .
tests that the product is set to the product model .
merge files into a single dictionary .
generate a random number for a dataset .
return a text representation of an integer .
check whether or not the system is available on the system .
find files in a given directory .
get the maximum of the paths of the point in the point .
for a given test case .
list all of the files that match a given list of lists .
convert from a package id or a list of tuples .
check if we are running in version .
generate a random integer number .
set the value in the default format for setting of a variable .
input is the output of the input .
sends an email to the specified channel .
return line number of data from the given file .
print a list of all the specified server .
helper function to log the log file of a process .
disable the named service .
download a file .
returns the user email address of the email address .
set the status of a new task id .
yaml : jenkins-wiki this plugin allows you to the jenkins job plugin the jenkins : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : EOS
get the top of a query .
convert a number to a number of bytes .
generate a new base file for the current environment .
returns a list of all ids of all ids in a given exploration .
get raw data .
returns a tuple of points in the shape .
write the contents of a file to a file in write .
test that the type of an object is raised when the type is passed in .
display the main dialog .
escape a string in an empty string .
if we are not in a single space .
initialize the module .
get new repository .
convert a format format value to a format .
returns a list of unique elements of a list .
test for creating an image .
normalize a result from the given result .
delete a user from the organization .
return interface cli example : .
reset a test status .
return the configuration and the salt master to the master config file .
return a list of the corresponding to the given number of pairs .
escape text to html .
compute the variance of an array of labels and labels .
return true if all of the given name in list .
solves a linear equation .
return true if path is a repository .
extract the first dataset from a list of lines of [ 1 ] .
run a python shell command and return a python shell instance .
save a collection to collection .
returns a list of table names in a database .
show the details from the named service .
test that `` `` '' '' is not in `` '' .
hash a password .
test for a list of .
write a fif file .
remove a buffer from a buffer .
called when the user is created .
name - > int version of the name of the function in bytes .
returns the version of the current instance .
returns true if address is a string address of ipv6 address .
decorator to run a task in a task .
return a string representation of a package .
decodes a value from an http request .
computes a tensor of two samples .
if a function is not none .
returns a dictionary of { % } s } and object .
helper to generate an expression that is valid within a given expression .
add group in group .
context manager to temporarily call the current process .
returns true if the number of tokens are in the specified range .
splits an index into an index .
get files from the file type .
plot data and test results .
error handler for error .
displays a list of urls in a user .
if a new repository is not installed .
return a new dict with the current environment variable .
create test suite for all tests .
test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
add a new pool to a bigip device .
run a command and return its output as a dictionary .
load current window in a file .
return a polynomial of f in k [ x ] .
creates a new figure and returns a dictionary with data .
return dtype .
change the default directory to the user .
print a log message .
compute the inverse of the labels of the labels of the labels .
return image data from cache file .
set site configuration .
assert that two objects are equal .
initialize the container .
compute the inverse of a matrix .
test if a password is set for a given password .
get a group from a group .
retrieve all the virtual machine or none if it exists .
return a list of n from a sequence of n .
run the output of the command and write the output to the output file .
attach a json column to each object of the queryset .
replace all of a path with a new relative to the current directory .
convert s to unicode .
delete a entry .
returns the value of the values in the value .
returns a list of all exploration ids of a user .
redirect to current page .
new folder form .
serialize obj to json .
returns a unicode string as a unicode string .
list all of the directories in the specified environment .
decode the input and returns a tuple .
plot the plot of a plot plot .
return a list of the items that are not found in the given package .
return the locale for the given locale .
sends a message to the given url .
generate a new figure manager instance for windows and save .
generate a file object from google cloud storage file .
ensure that the named group exists .
calculate and save the time series for download plot .
only for windows .
converts a status status into a dictionary of status of the current process .
return a node with the nodes in the given node .
returns a new user object with given a list of items .
returns the word of the word .
creates an authentication token for an authentication token .
return true if * if * is a given * .
generate a url for an http request token .
get the complex with the complex path from the complex path .
get a cluster instance .
compute polynomial gcd of f in k [ x ] .
lists a tenant .
if the config is not present .
format a file for the user / etc / etc / / / / / / / / / EOS
update host group .
return a list of the images that are on the provider .
compute md5 hash of a file .
render certificate from certificate .
get and run the monitor output of a specific set of files .
remove any string from the string .
test that the input from the input is of a list of strings in the input .
returns a function that returns a new sum of two .
add the text of the loops .
stream of a stream of stream .
return the leading coefficient of a and b .
get the tokens from the current thread .
check that the request is valid and the user has been changed and the required .
list all available services .
generate a new user .
compute the inverse of g .
get all floating ips by project .
generate a new figure .
returns the language code for the current language .
save a collection item to a collection item .
return a dict of all available vm images on the minion .
report for all the report .
handle all of a source files in a given directory .
add a value to a key .
get all instance id of an instance .
returns the results of data .
block the current greenlet until * write * is * .
patch the patch of the patch .
return a byte string representation of a type .
return the vms configured instance .
return a generator of random lines from a source .
test to ensure that the function works .
filters a sequence of objects by a test to a test .
a function to list an existing profile .
sort the given order by the order of order of order .
ensure obj is of obj .
return version from salt .
restful crud controller .
read the contents of a file .
write graph to a list of edges .
generate a generator of nodes of a dataset .
add a function to an existing monitor object .
yaml : jenkins-wiki this plugin allows you to the jenkins : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : EOS
disassociate all volume types from specified qos specs .
error handler for the error .
check if the given host string is valid .
install a plugin on a plugin app .
return data to a json response .
delete a list of table .
delete a tags from a resource .
convert raw `` `` '' '' with `` `` '' '' .
parse the salt command line and return a dict of the information .
read a file and return a list of lines .
test if a dataset is set on a dataset instance .
write graph for a file .
return a datetime object representing the epoch .
run the test .
returns true if the given image is valid for the specified app .
returns a task for a course .
return a list of all available images .
return a list of available images on the cloud provider .
read data from file .
render a comment .
compute the matrix decomposition .
add the xml from the xml .
return the contents of the file .
returns a dictionary of mapping file names to map .
convert from input to float .
yaml : string set the name of the config file in the config .
build and return a new logging instance .
convert a version string to a python version .
display the main loop .
returns a string representation of a python string .
patch handler for : func : stream .
return a list of the elements from the given string .
similar to str ( ) .
create a new test instance .
fixture to return a fake python object .
generate a new line at the given width of the given width .
apply headers to a user object .
return a new image object .
skip a test if a process is not available .
call the function for the given order .
set the target for a target variable .
return a list of x as a vector .
create a dataset of x - > x .
return version string version from git if installed .
save / disable / false on all of the current site .
set the date in date format for the date / date / date / date / date / date EOS
expression - > expression - > expression .
raise exception .
returns the maximum of the graph .
show the line with no line .
read data from the given file descriptor .
create a node from a node .
returns a tuple of the entire show version .
parse a header list of header into a dict of header .
normalize path .
return a list of all comments in the current file .
returns the request id from the request id .
given a list of unique ids .
run the application with the given app id .
get a new s3 bucket for a given resource .
make a check message from an exception handler .
a view that creates a new token .
creates a new image from the specified file .
add error messages to the log .
create a link from a link .
stop the specified number of times the log of seconds since the number of times the log .
copy a new directory .
return a user object .
compute size of power and power of a distribution .
creates a property for a property .
generate a query string for all of a query .
run a command line command line interface for the specified user / password in the specified environment .
run the default command .
convert text to a number of characters .
check that all of the modules are available .
creates an object from the source .
find the best match for a dataset with the specified type .
returns a string of labels .
restful crud controller for options .
convert : class : datetime .
if a resource is not available .
start a new process .
decorator for views .
setup the demo sensor .
load a list of files .
create a filename for filename with the given filename .
fixture to test config from a config object .
generate a new figure out of an image .
test that the results of * * * can be used to test using a single dataset with a EOS
process the xml element .
loads a class from a string of class name .
calculate and return a new dataset with respect to the specified axes .
get the title of a title .
return a list of available vm images for the specified provider .
displays a user .
return a string representing the named vm .
user can run only the `` test '' .
set the number of bits in a new array .
validate that the host header is valid .
convert a file of the native path to a python data file .
return the point of the point on the point .
ensure that the manager from the default manager is not set .
returns a list of all the folder names in a given folder .
compile a function that is used with a compile key .
initialize the module as appropriate for the application module .
create a folder in * folder * .
make sure that line correctly .
return a list of job ids .
convert a model instance into a dict .
generate a list of all of the filters .
add images to the image metadata .
check that the unit of a unit is set .
formats a date in the current date .
split a string into a list of strings .
parameter : string .
check that all of the options are available .
a view that redirects all requests to the user .
return all of the string in the given pattern .
returns the settings dict for the current language .
extract text from a command line of text .
main entry point .
mean of the absolute error .
compute the linear regression .
test to ensure that the source is set correctly .
returns the value of a test .
convert a time string to seconds .
returns true if * obj * is a sequence of iterable .
creates a new environment .
validate that the format image format is formatted .
call f ( x ) with an instance of the current process .
build a list of sequences from a single string .
resource headers for use in rest controller .
test to ensure that the events are set correctly .
test % % % % % % % } .
creates a directory if it is not already exist .
returns a new figure with respect to the specified axes .
returns json representation of a json .
format column names in column of column .
test the behavior of -- -- flag in the list command .
generate a sample for a sample of samples distribution .
returns a tuple of color and color .
decorator for tests .
set the value of a key .
creates a new test file and creates a new message .
generate a new dataset with the specified length .
run the current directory with the given path .
render the template for the given template .
mode : string - > int .
wrap a function to handle exceptions with an exception .
event changes to a event file .
run command and return its output .
return a message which is the given package .
creates a new figure out of a file .
build and save the current python version .
disable key .
create a new config object from the current config file .
return a query of all available data from a given file .
run a command and return the output as a dict .
return a sequence of pairs of a sequence of items .
execute a single command in the data .
returns a tuple of the current user .
gets the stats for a given distribution of the device .
returns a list of nodes of node from the given node .
load data from file .
return a slice of array with given * * .
add two lists of lists .
set the group .
escape text to html .
run the command line options and returns a dictionary with the default value .
returns a string containing the `` version '' version as a string .
create a new list .
recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively files matching files .
encode a number in base x / / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
move a file .
fixture to run a fake window .
run a single process of the output matrix .
test for sequence of int .
convert a numpy array of arrays to a numpy array .
make a figure with respect to the specified axes .
set the virtual module if the kernel is available .
test when the function is called with a single space .
show a details .
set the string for the `` `` '' '' .
parameter : string .
adds the `` text '' response '' to the response with the specified header .
define a template variable .
parse an http http header into a list of strings .
expected __doc__ .
update value of a field by id .
get the polygon of the polygon of the polygon .
validates that the api version of the current version is installed .
calculates a string representation of a file in a list of characters .
returns all of the app installed apps .
test that when a config file exists .
return date / time series / date / date / date / date / date / date / date EOS
create a random integer index from a random number of size n .
add the given word to the given word .
return the graph of n .
update the settings in the current figure .
returns a product of the product of a product of the given group .
create a new model from a set of all of each other .
create a new instance .
record an object and return it as a tuple of .
lists all of the command line argument .
set the transaction flag for the current thread and thread if the transaction is not in the transaction .
load plugins in the context .
converts / in a string to a valid string .
test that the output model works with no expected values .
returns the set of the minimum edges .
convert a path to a local path .
only load if the minion module is available .
get a list of all available module names .
check if the configuration exists and is valid .
a simple view that is the user to the user .
run the main application server .
test whether the specified type is in the same .
test reading an instance of an existing event .
process the xml element .
retrieve all of a groups from a given host .
return the encoding encoding for the encoding .
return the number of bits in an array .
return a new block representation of a file .
compute polynomial gcd of a polynomial .
run a single command line with arguments and return a result as returned from the output .
only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
returns the first node of a node .
parse an address string like `` / `` / '' or `` / '' .
returns a json representation of a dataset with data for each of the keys of the keys of the EOS
convert a date string to a date format .
return the current date object from the cache object .
add column of column to column of column .
return device name for device name .
returns a list of title / title / title / / / / / / / / / / EOS
returns a new user .
compute a matrix .
normalize a directory to be used as a list of paths that is not a `` `` `` '' EOS
return an instance of the current context .
update the process options for a particular request .
get group type by id .
process the key and return a dict containing the key of the key .
returns a dictionary of the settings class for the given settings .
read tag from tag .
parse data from a function .
test installing a folder using pip install -- path .
convert an item in a code object to an item code object .
compute the product of a method of the product of the product of the input .
delete a backup .
check for invalid files in the file .
parse the config .
return true if the given module can be run .
returns a function that returns a new product of the first item of the first .
require the / tutorial / tutorial / tutorial .
dataset is a dataset is not dataset with dataset .
return line with line numbers .
create a new block request .
get the options that the user can be used as a project .
returns a list of field names to a field .
report whether the given exception is in a particular exception .
returns a class object for the given name .
return true if the given header contains a valid header match the specified header .
make sure that a mode is not already in mode .
is user allowed to change user ? .
create a new session .
return the comment comment for the comment .
remove a log .
return a list of the elements of a given string .
setup the demo component .
guess the text of an image .
view for a user to display a new user .
start a new session .
calculate the average of a plot .
run the main function in the queue .
run a single test .
only load if the salt module is available in __salt__ .
generate a new message for a particular user .
returns a dictionary of { `` label '' } '' .
returns the sample of installed distribution .
set the host backend for a specific instance .
find a file in the given filename .
return a path to the device directory .
generate a list of images for each image of the specified image .
return the minion status of the minion .
skip a test if a test is available .
insert a rule into the database .
returns the current time zone as a : class : current instance .
copy files from src to src to destination .
return true if encoding is a encoding .
patch ( ) should be called with a patch instance .
lists all of the available devices .
load data from a dataset .
clean up local files .
format a list of message in a response .
expected __doc__ .
load data from the specified path .
return a function that will be used to mark functions as deprecated .
add value to dictionary .
list all of the packages .
return true if the current time is in seconds since epoch .
convert a string to a byte string .
helper function to convert an integer value in a string to a string .
start a python process .
group delete .
return a new instance of the hash object .
initialize the command line arguments .
get all available regions for a tenant .
find the first element in a string .
return a list of the elements of * x * .
construct polynomial n from a polynomial .
return a function that is not installed with name of a function with name .
generate a new message with the specified key .
test working copy when using `` local '' directory '' is not in `` .
require a user .
log a message with the log .
check if a key exists .
get the data for a file .
callback for when an object is called .
get the repository constructor .
return a new : class : .
import a python module .
main program for the main process .
command line options .
stream output stream .
calculates the sum of n .
kbengine method .
test that the package version is not installed .
get the accessible attribute .
print error message and exit with error messages .
send email with email address user with email address as form with account form with email form / email EOS
install the specified zone .
remove a new repository .
check that all of the target are valid .
skip a test if a test is available .
find a template file in the given directory .
fetch data from a url and return data as a tuple of .
returns the error handler used as a http error .
action with action .
search for a match in the search of a search of parameter .
compute matrix matrix from matrix .
return a file object that is the path between two points in the file .
check if mode is in a mode file .
return a string representation of an integer .
get a list of ip addresses of a public ip addresses .
return a pair of arrays .
save a new line to a file in a save .
parses the `` < '' > '' > / < a / < / > / .
decorator for cache .
show current figure .
compute the matrix mat for each element of a matrix .
parse an http header into a tuple .
verify that all the data contains the expected data for the specified .
lists all the project .
log a message with the given message .
initialize the module as appropriate for this module to make this module only on linux system .
generate a list of items for each item in a task .
run a single command line argument .
handler for course signal .
dump a sequence of objects into a container .
password reset password for a password .
computes the distance between two 1-d arrays .
direct_declarator : lparen lparen rparen .
add xml tags .
create a new block device .
run a function and run the results of an interval .
return the first item in the list if there is a valid string .
compute a new values from the values of a function .
helper function for creating an argument string from an argument .
attach a zone to the zone .
return true if the named service is running on the minion cli example : .
configure the virtual machine to the load balancer .
migrate the contents of a file in a collection .
return a function that wraps the function of a function with args .
remove a course key from the course .
determine if the image is in the default dataset location is the root of the file .
if the default value is not none .
update image volume cache entry for image .
returns a secret key for secret .
returns true if the given ip address is a valid ipv4 address .
start a service .
create a new figure manager instance .
verify that a type is valid for a type .
password reset password for a given password password .
test user using email function .
decorator that require a view function so that it is not available .
print out the data from the list .
test mne raw object for raw data .
fetch image from the image in the specified image .
set all keys that have a set of all of the specified items .
convert a json file of the given object to a dictionary .
print a command line to output a log file .
load only on mac os .
context manager for temporary the given path .
get the vertexes .
generator that yields all of values of a single key in `` .
new document form .
yield all of the modules in the given module .
wrapper for : class : array_like .
generate a new language .
creates a new : class : file object from the given data .
generate an instance of a class .
update json with the given json .
test if a test is available .
run the git command .
set up the run for the current process .
test that the sequence of length 1 ) does not exist .
find all instances of a specific instance .
convert a unicode string to bytes .
create a class instance from a class .
is the specified installed in * ? * is not installed .
generate a new image file for the given image data .
parse lists as described by rfc 2822 .
return a list of enabled services that are enabled .
set a project to a project .
for creating bar charts and such .
get a topic to a topic .
return true if title contains a title .
extract a source .
creates a new virtual machine .
indent an element with the given indentation .
compute a matrix of data .
list all of the files that have been set with the same .
create a polynomial f in k [ x ] polynomial .
patch of a user .
find a package .
delete a table .
test whether x is a number of numbers .
determine if the word is a word .
sort a dict of items by their values .
find all of a source files .
set site version of all site .
compute polynomial gcd of f in gf ( p ) [ x ] .
encode a message object to a stream .
get a list of feed items for a feed .
update a value with a single option of values .
set the arguments to the current figure .
return a list of minions .
return package version as a string of version .
returns a tuple of bytes from the current file in a given stream .
creates a container .
reads the contents of a file .
create a new directory .
return a list of the files that are on the minion .
update or update entry in the context .
convert a location in the form [ 0 .
test that the user can be loaded .
update or update an existing resource .
build a list of modules from a module .
return the number of g .
get keys for all of an item of a specific keys .
return a list of hosts .
return a new : class : .
return a list of items that are equal to x .
compute the inverse of the inverse function of the inverse ( n ) .
return a path to the named file .
compute the linear regression .
check that a path is a valid path to a directory .
returns a new user .
request section 9 .
decorator that calls the function / method / method / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc /
test that a variable is raised when x and that the average is not .
return a function that returns a new random expression .
plot the data and save the results as a matrix .
creates a new git object for each file in the content .
return a binary representation of a binary string .
make a new message if the user has been created .
return the system name of the named vm .
install the twisted mainloop with the current loop .
helper to set the original .
extract a device from a user id from a device .
get the image of the file in the image file .
return a dictionary of information .
format error message from error .
get a remote api request path .
returns list of files that have been modified .
compute the inverse of a tensor or tensor .
test that the output table contains no column names in the table .
set the default version of the current python version .
create a new group .
get all the text of a document .
returns a key for the given key .
create a new virtual service instance for the specified service .
parse a form data into a stream object .
replace the module with the name of a module with the given name .
print out the message of a file in the stdout / stderr .
compute a range of array with a given array of values .
normalize a directory to be used as a list of paths that is not a valid root .
wait for a server to run in a specific test .
return a list of n .
return string with unicode characters in unicode .
code common to disk .
solves a polynomial equation using the series / p .
load data from the specified path .
input is the number of each element of a field .
returns a new dictionary with the original .
return true if text is a text .
return only if all the modules are available .
return a list of tuples representing a single image .
retrieve tags from a given image name .
test mne raw data .
returns a document if the document .
return dataframe code : dataframe name : number of times : str : number of times : str EOS EOS
parses a string representing a package version .
decorator that checks the current image in the same arguments .
return a list of all available directories on the master cli example : .
helper function to generate the state for an array of shape .
helper to create a new class .
install a package with the specified name .
returns the date in a string representation of the current locale .
test plot of images for image .
show details about an ip address of a node .
parse an image url into its data .
generate a test script for the target file .
get a secret to be used for an secret .
sum of an array .
validate the configuration and return a configuration and return a scanner .
test that we can be used as expected .
returns a tuple of [ 0 .
return a dictionary of information for each of the requested metric .
returns a set of all nodes of the graph .
register a function to be called when the process is available .
generate a random array of arrays with given shape .
validate the response of the response .
generate a message of messages from the messages .
output all of the table of all of the specified table .
retrieve a user from a tenant .
main entry point for the program .
return the number of cpu times for this module .
returns true if two strings are valid .
parses a single id of a file containing a id .
check whether the given path exists .
lookup a list of fields for a given field .
gets a list of context for a specific request .
ensure that the filesystem exists .
select and return a list of resources from the datastore .
test for url with different tags .
retrieve entity from a entity group .
create a continuous variable with the specified type .
returns a list of course info that are in the course .
returns a string representation of a file .
set the device to device with the device .
attach a queryset of each object of the queryset .
reset the cache for the specified cache .
logs a message with the given message .
compute the coefficient of the coefficient of two polynomials .
convert an event id to a native id .
get current media player object .
test output with no results .
update images in the specified image .
build a command line arguments .
index page .
if a file is set to a package .
decorator to ensure that the function is run in a test suite .
convert date to date format .
return a random integer n from a random integer n .
return a list of resources for the current project .
test if an integer is invalid .
compute the mean squared error between the mean of error and y .
get the path to the current linux distribution of the current process .
call the method with the given arguments .
delete a document .
validate that the x and y are not in the x .
raise exception if an object is a class or object .
return true if the service is enabled .
given a backend .
enable or disable an enabled service .
kbengine method .
binary binary loss .
write a block to a file .
update target .
configure the logging module to the console .
get the plugin available .
run the hash of the given distribution .
for a given process .
clear the cache of the cached cache .
show the details of an existing virtual machine .
returns a list of exploration summary domain objects .
assert that c { deferred } and c { deferred } is not c { deferred } .
print a list of tests for tests .
check for docstring not start with space .
computes the average distance between two images .
if the path is not none .
generate a new document .
compute the linear p of a series function of x .
returns an object containing the model from the object or group name of an object .
decorator that wraps the function in a method in a particular module .
quote - > str .
register a help file in the help directory .
convert the xml element to a path xml element .
update a resource .
builds the config from the config .
update a new group .
check that the given version of the required package is installed .
fetches information of a specific volume .
returns a topic .
apply a function into a list of integers and a list of lists .
returns true if the given label id is a valid label int .
sends a request request .
write code to a file .
returns true if proxy proxy url should be used .
set up course info in the course .
creates a new figure with the given id .
running the `` harvest '' with `` -- '' .
add a new entry to the list of strings .
dump a date to a date in the current time .
convert a binary string into a binary representation .
read a time file .
return a list of paths that match the specified location .
context manager to temporarily create a context manager .
get metadata from the stream .
return a filter to be used as a dict with a filter .
read data from a file .
return a bucket bucket bucket bucket .
check that the value of an instance is of the correct type .
stop a vm .
update global state when an existing site is created .
make a filename with the given name .
setup the demo sensor .
clear the cache of a given version .
get a data structure of an instance of an element .
remove a single module from the given object .
update or update a resource .
return a list of active view .
creates a new : class : request object with the given url .
required method to auto register this checker .
return a status code for a vm cli example : .
parses user id from a user id .
install the signal handler for signal signal .
creates a view for a request .
set the mode of a file in the mode directory .
cache all the cache of the class cache in cache .
display the main dialog .
creates a timeout for use in a cluster .
add the value to the list .
restful crud controller .
replace quotes with quotes .
recursively turn a list into a tuple .
return the job id of the process instance .
apply any task of the task in the task .
returns a list of all the current site .
decorator that checks the results for a task in a particular task .
reads a random integer of n from the specified integer .
log a message with the root logger .
retrieve a repository from a repository .
get a list of all the groups with a node .
returns a byte string .
get the status of the current process .
delete a user from the organization .
run the main application .
fetches information of a specific cluster cli example : .
remove tags from html tags .
add a response to a client api call .
initialise module .
returns a random port on the socket on the socket in a socket object .
convert params .
find the most recent data for a repository .
create a class instance from a class .
delete a bucket .
returns the contents of a file .
returns true if the installed version of installed packages .
return a new options object that will be used to perform any data when it is not a single EOS
get all groups for a given instance .
if we are running in a single space .
add a new host to a specific host .
load a python source .
returns a list of dictionaries of a user from a given table .
perform a dns record lookup .
test that an object is raised when the class is called .
create a new instance .
download all available .
return the name of the object in the given object .
decode base64 encoded string .
returns a rate of rate from rate .
returns a tuple of the ip address and ip address if the ip address is not in .
compute f * * * * * using f .
returns a batch of batch of messages from the given job .
test if cache is not set to size .
detects whether the given name is in a valid app registry .
require an auth user .
get a user profile data from the user data in the profile .
check if the given image is valid .
return info about the information about the information .
write image to a file in binary image .
expression for a expression with a theano expression .
get a value of the number of public key .
if the user has a document or a file or directory .
remove any existing config and the user from the config file .
parse a string of an object .
setup the demo sensors .
display a box .
parses a comment .
collect all of a package paths that match the specified relative path .
return a dict with information about the named container .
decorator for methods which are not running in the current context .
perform a lookup record lookup .
check that all of a set of matrices are on a given distribution .
create a temporary directory with the given name in use .
output the contents of a file in the log .
returns true if the user is available .
generate a new random integer instance .
return the largest distance between two points in the given distribution .
sets the contents of a file to a file in the given path .
run the main program .
returns a tensor with shape and shape .
helper function for creating an object from an object .
get the notification service .
add two fields of fields in the database .
return a list of urls in the given url .
read a tag from a buffer .
get the ip address of a host .
check if the value of functions are in functions .
fetch image data for all image .
generate a new environment variable for the current user .
initialize the module as appropriate for setting of the configuration .
run a single start of the specified action .
returns a response for a particular type of a particular type of `` 1 '' of `` `` '' EOS
return the minimum of the graph g .
enable the named service to start at boot cli example : .
set the device to use .
this is the number of seconds after the process is called .
retrieve a list of all available vm .
test for issue # # # .
move a file or directory to a backup .
return the instance of an object .
show a single state of a given user .
delete a container .
return the path to the device cli example : .
compute the nth derivative of the derivative of n .
parse a message into a tuple .
read a value from the key .
read the next character of a stream .
set up the configuration for the current configuration .
return osquery information from osquery cli example : .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
return a template template for a template .
test mne plot .
test the sklearn estimator on the given source .
returns a list of unique ids of ids .
get a list of available images for a user .
render the template with the given template .
execute a script in the given directory .
create a new session .
start the server .
get a task object to a specific info dict .
returns a datetime object representing a date / datetime object .
return a response for a user .
plot the plot of a plot file .
load data from a dataset .
helper to generate tags from a tag .
convert a mode mode value from mode to a mode dict .
sends a request to the request user .
calculates the length of length n .
return a string representation of an integer value in the epoch .
test that a source command exists .
retrieve a role from a role .
check for file line and end of line .
is x a theano tensor type .
gets the profile profile for the profile profile .
creates a device and log the device .
enable / disable database connection .
delete a list of files .
decorator for views that checks whether url is enabled .
test the fit representation of the data .
check to see if the default event matches the input data .
return a list of arguments that are not found in the current context .
parse a time string to a time object .
returns true if the given directory is a valid directory .
set the timeout in http timeout .
set the default locale for the current locale .
get a value of a particular course with a particular key .
update parent in parent .
convert label label to label label .
parse the command line and return a list of commands .
get info file info .
gets the profile name from the profile setting .
parse an address of the command line argument .
decorator for creating a copy of a copy of x .
test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
require a package to be installed .
creates a new client for use in a file .
test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
build an http header from a http request .
get the base api url for the current user .
run the api .
show the details from the minion .
if a function is not passed as an optional arguments .
returns a dictionary with the named vm .
return the path to the data file in the given directory .
patch the patch of a function .
unregister a file .
compare two urls with two urls .
return a list of all of the project .
get the device name string representation of the device .
return a list of f in f from f in * * .
check if an object is a valid object .
return a string containing the number of bytes for the specified resource .
set list of rate to a specific user .
compute the inverse of g .
return a list of all directories on the system .
return a list of root as a root .
view for a course .
determine whether a given item is in a particular key .
register a new model to be a model for a db .
tests whether the results function works as expected .
parse data into a dict .
list all users .
yield chunks of an iterator of length .
check for a given path to the object of a given object .
return a series of whether x is a value in the series .
convert a value to an integer .
calculate the average of a distribution for a distribution of distribution parameters x : array_like .
render a request to the response .
get the inset loops .
add tags to tag .
return a memory usage in bytes .
decorator that applies a function of results with a function of arguments .
call a function or raise an exception .
return true if obj is bytes .
compute the linear move of two images .
run tests in a test suite .
get all instance group by instance .
return a string representation of the given file .
check if a quota usage is available and whether or not .
determine if a number is a number .
parse an image line number into a string .
return the number of cpus in a job .
creates a new project .
load the extension in the list .
test image of color .
clear the cache of an instance .
stop the specified image .
entry point for the main server .
returns a new property that is a property of a property or none .
render an image .
returns the host of a host string .
get a list of available vm images by name cli example : .
add arguments to a command line options .
add / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
returns true if g is a directed graph .
add the given schema to the list of schema .
select the model from the models .
parse the available date / time / time / o / o / o / o / / / EOS
returns a new instance of a given file .
set the value of a specific setting of a given parameter .
check if the given index is a valid range of < - > .
return a dict of the current process in the current configuration .
statement : id .
show details about all the commands .
makes a mode byte string .
send notification to notification and send a notification notification .
calculate and apply a single image of a dataset .
read the contents of a file .
returns a new product between two strings .
creates a rule from the given rule .
tests units can be created with a new project .
if the user has an http response .
helper function for creating an object with the given id .
creates a new : class : .
test that the input is raised when the input is different from the input .
returns a set of all nodes of the graph .
return a list of lines that are available .
convert a path to bytes .
initialize the certificate in the context for the specified location .
return a string representing the source .
return a new product of p as a value .
number of bytes .
enable the named service .
get all volumes belonging to a volume .
decode a string encoded encoded string .
create a topic .
view for a user with email address of a email address of a user with a email address of EOS
sends an email to the login / email .
fetch metadata from google cloud storage file .
set the user password on a password .
draw a grid of image .
creates a new virtual machine file object based on the number of bytes .
extract the changes from the local node .
return full path to the user-specific cache dir for this application .
return a random representation of a random number .
save a new dict to a particular object .
find a search path to an image file for a given path .
start a new document .
returns the root element of a dataset .
generate a table of table with given text .
main program .
return status of host .
updates a user with given user_id .
returns the error of the error of the error of the error .
detach a vm .
get stats for all the vm .
if there is a single class .
get the next available regions .
adds a user with given a user .
returns a list of words that have been set up in the word .
return a string representation of an object as a string .
update new / create new repository .
signal handler for signal .
extract all arguments and create a new one .
check for file upload files in a particular request .
mean squared error function .
check if cache has been modified .
delete a group .
set the path in the current instance .
remove a volume .
returns a list of nodes that have the specified distance between two : [ x ] .
format image file for image .
return the vms version .
generate a random integer n from the input .
replaces space character ( ) with character ( ) with character ( ) ) ) with character ( ) EOS
show a warning with an available version of a given file .
test if we are running in a repository version .
encode bson .
checks if a user is valid email address .
image data with image in image .
return line with spaces .
indent text .
get the points with the points .
convert index to index .
return osquery information from osquery cli example : .
set the authentication .
event : class : class : event .
return true if file is a text file .
return default values as a dictionary of default .
return a string representation of an array of source .
convert : class : array_like .
get the ip address of a network .
write a config to a file .
get the text of a line .
execute a process with interface cli example : .
return the type of the name .
restful crud controller .
extract header from http response header .
process the xml element by the function .
return the path to the current file .
returns a raw value from a raw raw object .
get the home assistant instance .
create a new group .
check if a given path exists .
parse a string response html header into a list of strings .
check if a given ip address is valid .
update the full / etc / host / etc / etc / etc / from the given network / EOS
api endpoint for google cloud storage version .
import a python module .
read all of a stream in a stream .
returns the maximum of the graph .
generate a new dataset with data for each entry in the specified dataset .
extract a file from a path .
return line number of lines that are not in the line .
convert from the date in the date / time string .
convert x * x * x * to x * n * n * .
get a fixed ip address .
validate that the configuration and configuration are valid .
return a * * * * * * * if * is not * .
search for a string in the `` `` `` '' '' '' .
reset a single group of all of a cluster .
context manager to temporarily replace sys .
check that all of the versions of the versions are available .
return a set of leading that are equal to the same as the first .
test for issue # .
create a snapshot from a snapshot .
generate a json api version .
get size of a size size .
location delete page .
if two images are not found in the same way .
save data to disk .
returns a proxy proxy proxy .
return a set of values of an instance of a specific values .
test for issue # ) .
yaml : string a file of metadata .
encode header header .
converts a value to a string .
return size of a function .
decode a bson integer into a bson .
returns the current active configuration of the current request .
split list of files into one of the list .
fetch a user from the list of page .
test for issue # issue # ) .
call a function with a new one or more arguments .
read the output of a file .
get the text of the text of the text of the file .
test rgb to hsl color function .
get the representation of an expression .
get all volumes belonging to a project .
run the given test suite .
test that when the type is raised when the type is not a python object .
append params to params .
get the volume for a volume .
print a message to a file .
check that value is a valid option of type of option name is a valid string .
install a package with the specified path .
test that a directory can be run in a test suite .
get epochs from the raw data .
helper to get a new one or more a named `` name '' is not in the `` name EOS
test to make sure that the root of a function is called .
display the main dialog .
patch the script in the given script .
return module for all of a module .
return the script script .
test that a local directory contains a local path .
convert a string to a valid identifier name .
split line into lines and split .
generate a new local file .
add the given characters in the given string .
returns true if the specified service is available .
create a new instance of configuration from a configuration .
convert integer in bytes to bytes .
return a list of config objects that are not available .
import a key .
compute mean of variables using random variables .
assert that the token in a string is not equal to true .
return a query string as a dict with all of the arguments passed as a query .
get new derivation .
creates a new message with the given message .
returns a dictionary of information about the node .
statement : id .
generate a random string of length 1 .
run command with arguments and return its output as a tuple .
read data from a table with column names in a column .
validate the storage storage storage .
convert a number of bits into a string of integers .
system virtual memory as a virtual memory for the system .
update the value of the entry in the cache .
test either if an error is raised when the target is not in the first .
create a new session .
parse a string containing a token or list of tokens .
restful crud controller .
compute the distance matrix for a vector of g .
returns list of product data for given user .
get size of the size of the file of the current line .
returns a new request object with the current request id .
get a domain name for an id or domain name .
update an existing series of type of or command line .
call the function with the x .
json api function to handle api and call api in json .
read a byte string .
helper to create a new instance .
output the graph for a node .
return name of function by name .
compile a directory .
change the password for a given user .
valid output file .
return an application name .
detects image in the file .
get the interface name of the interface from the interface .
parse a field .
decode the base64 encoded string .
checks that the class of an interface is of the class is not installed .
returns json representation of a document .
format a size in bytes for a human readable format .
add faces of the pixel list .
returns true if the given object is a valid python source .
returns true if the given value is a valid color type .
add a dns record to a volume group .
computes the average of each row in the map .
only load if the postgres module is available .
returns a json with the specified course and request data .
check if a pid exists .
attach a json item in the current stream .
copy state of an object with the current state of an array .
return x as a matrix .
set the flavor metadata for the flavor id .
return an instance of : class : .
load data and return a dataset class instance .
if the user is set to a script in the configuration file .
returns a template for a particular context .
log a message with the log level .
download the contents of a file .
return version from salt cli example : .
delete a timestamp from a timestamp in the format .
migrate the database to the database .
returns a list of latest the latest revision .
list of nodes .
get a list of files in the repository .
returns true if the given node is a valid tensor .
get all group groups .
remove all of the main loop .
sample from sample size in a sample .
convert text to text .
calculates the standard deviation of the standard deviation of the application function .
restful crud controller .
wait for a system to be a single line of a specific line .
delete a cluster .
default view .
checks the error code and returns a tuple .
extract the mac address from a mac address .
returns a new product of the value of the field .
test that the environment variable is set in the path .
get a role from the database .
return a dict of the configured instance of the configuration .
test whether a path is a valid plot .
parse an xml file .
return a list of nodes of nodes in g from a node .
search a search for search form .
creates a user .
extract integer limit from request or raise exception if it is not .
expression : expression .
add a scheme if the http url is in the `` / '' / / / / / / EOS
create a link to link in the link .
start the specified loop .
get a list of all of a child node .
sends an email address on email .
test that the input is raised when x is not a dict .
returns the current site configuration of the current site configuration .
test that when we are running .
parameters type : string .
add a service to a service .
test installing a package using pip install -- version .
only load if boto libraries exist .
write a new figure to file .
test that `` pip '' from `` -- '' .
patch patch ( ) .
serialize a stream of bytes into a stream .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
wait until the event loop .
print a message with the given message .
read a file of header from the file of f .
return a default list of default groups .
show image details from image .
delete a group .
mock mock function for the token .
create a new project .
render the data in the form .
return version of os version .
returns a set of words that contains a valid word .
parse a list of strings .
compute a matrix .
return a list of ip addresses .
return true if file is in the given directory .
get the hash of a file .
add or delete an interface id from the given object .
ensure that the user is absent name the name of the user is absent name the name of the EOS
send a message to a message .
return a matrix that is the same number of matrices .
create a test suite for use in tests .
get stats for a specific virtual machine .
setup the application to be used when the application is installed .
get a value from a body of body body .
helper to create an object from an object .
run all of the tests in a given directory .
retrieves the number of snapshot from the current image file .
read a line number of data from a file .
save / update a certificate to a file in the specified path .
return a new queue object .
plot x * y * x * .
return the proxy proxy proxy proxy .
convert a numpy array of bytes to a numpy array .
modify label in a label .
pick data for all of the data .
returns a dictionary of target .
if the user is enabled .
load a single file of .
if the first argument of a single node is true .
extract the results from the api .
only for windows systems with the installed module available .
check if pid is running under pid of pid .
test that the environment is set in the path .
convert a certificate to a queryset .
build a tree from a list of nodes of the tree .
returns a string representing a value in a human readable form .
iterates over a file handle in a file handle .
find a vm by a vm .
view for login with a user .
returns the default message for a particular django settings .
convert a time string to seconds .
returns true if the given port is available .
this is the current thread .
test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
returns document and document index document .
print a list of available data files .
check if the given path is a valid grid of a pair of points .
returns a list of exploration ids of an exploration .
load data from the queue .
install the class with a new instance of a class .
return a matrix with distance between 2 and y .
run a running thread .
search for all of the packages .
return a list of the lines that are valid for the given word .
convert an image array to a numpy array of images .
get user information from a user .
convert a file object to a file object .
get all of the namespace .
return the unicode string for the given value .
displays a list of tags .
returns an iterator over a series of a file .
returns the template text .
load the backend .
create an image object .
assert that the time object is called when the function is called .
returns a string with the word .
decode encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded string .
sort the given list of sorted by their set of values .
deletes a collection .
return a string representation of the current figure in the specified range .
set the default value of the default state .
return a html string with the specified length .
plot the files in the directory .
resource factory method .
return the number of items in an iterable .
get a file f from a file .
unary_expression : declaration_specifiers .
return an iterator over all of an input file .
get a list of all available regions .
create a task object .
return the string with the pattern in the string .
get the repository constructor .
convert a number of bits into a range of integers .
import the plugin of all the plugins in the directory .
compute the linear regression .
find the point of a point matrix .
ensure that the named vm is absent name the name of the name of the configuration to remove .
remove the given file path from the given file path .
parses a code string .
year and send an email .
returns a new document .
returns the size of a batch .
handle a single event .
convert string to unicode .
remove the named module .
return a filename to be used to download the filename from the filename .
generate a new random string of length .
sets the language for the request .
convert an image dtype to dtype object .
if path is a root .
render a template to a template .
generator that yields tokens with tokens from tokens .
get api endpoint from the api version .
returns the version string .
get a resource name from resource provider .
merge all of a single source files .
parse the query string into a list of query .
returns a list of environment variables for the given user .
return a text instance as a string .
formats a time format according to the format .
run the program for the current thread .
run a command .
convert string to decimal .
find the best match for a mime-type match .
return a dict of all available vm images on the minion .
merge one or more config into a single config file .
try to set the language .
update or add / 1 / 1 .
returns the first element of a function that is used in the sequence .
return a list of file names in the directory .
check if a zone is running on a zone .
create a new course .
handle the `` 1 '' image '' api is running .
gets all of a users .
upload a file to a remote server .
computes the mean of p .
returns true if the given value is a scalar .
decode encoded encoded encoded string .
returns true if the given url is in the given url .
print a list of tuples .
ensure service is enabled on boot .
get all volumes .
ensure that the account name is present on the device .
lists all available pages .
display the main dialog .
check that all of a specific type of a specific type .
test for issue # columns .
find a vm by a vm .
set up metadata .
return a mock time zone for a given file path .
check whether or not the user has been set .
get new repository .
read the binary data of a stream .
elementwise exponential function .
create a new theano instance .
formats a value as a string argument : : arg string : the argument string .
multiply two linear linear linear linear .
return a date from the given date .
return a random matrix of n from random data .
get the closest time series with given arguments .
delete a document .
generate a random string representation of length n .
wrapper for creating an object from the attributes of the attribute of the object .
return a file containing the contents of a file in a directory .
generate a generator for a dataset .
creates a new request object .
creates a parser object from the string .
convert a time string to seconds .
check if available libraries available .
return version from osquery cli example : .
only load if the module is available .
write a number to a file .
lock a document .
sort the given list of lines .
return the base base path to the base directory .
indent an element .
return true if the boolean is true .
random color with given color .
reboot a node .
returns a string with the word .
return a string representing the last value of a given distribution .
return a list of file names in the given file path .
creates a new session object for the specified secret .
create a new snapshot .
this function is used to time a time value from the current time .
get container container container id container id container id container container container container container container container id cli example EOS
creates a new repository .
sample from sample of sample .
load configuration from json .
internet gateway fail to internet gateway .
convert a string of `` `` '' '' into a `` `` '' string .
return the string representation of an object .
gets the virtual interface for the virtual machine or raise if it exists .
return a polynomial in k [ x ] .
test that the environment variable is not installed .
run a function in a thread .
parses an version string into an version of the `` version '' version '' .
convert a list of strings into a list of strings .
test image with the size of the image .
return a list of option names from the given string .
returns a collection .
converts a protobuf into a protobuf form field .
update rate limit of a task .
same as a b .
apply the given filter to the query .
estimate distribution of two images .
check that all of a particular function in a given list of valid set of files .
cache an instance of an security group .
get a value of a hash or none if the key is none .
write a table to a file .
remove logging from logger .
callback to default .
validate the group of a group .
update an existing port token .
redirects the user to the login page .
update the named repository with the specified path .
if the settings is a setting .
decode a certificate to a certificate .
gets the ip of a given ip address .
set the figure with the figure .
run the main application .
compute the product of a matrix .
if user is in or if none or not .
compute the mean of the variance of an image .
only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
write the mapping file to a mapping file for each mapping .
add loss for a tensor .
convert the system command to a disk format .
ensure that the user is absent from the name of the group of the user is to remove .
return a list of available vm images on the cloud provider .
request configuration .
post a post .
gcode linear move file .
the warning .
list all available status cli example : .
returns a string representation of a python string .
return true if the given option should be run in the given command line .
check if the object is a valid string .
returns an error handler for the given error .
set / update the document in the document .
delete user account .
decorator to run a function in a task .
convert from a timestamp to a datetime object .
get all available regions for the amazon amazon amazon service .
return method name from method .
show metadata .
generate a random network with a network .
decorator to make a view only if a particular request is available .
return a : class : .
generate a uuid from the private uuid .
returns a polynomial of p in the series / p .
restful crud controller .
find the maximum of an array with the specified shape .
tests that user can be used as a role .
delete the directory to the directory if its not exist .
convert image to mean .
main entry point for the module .
returns a list of strings from a single string .
stop the current figure .
returns a random string of length .
delete a user .
check whether the given line has been set to the specified key .
check if a given path exists .
generate a url for a dataset .
return the width of the current figure .
test multiple objects in order .
return a set of data that are in the given data .
generate a list of documents from the given word .
return a list of resource instances .
return the number of seconds since the current image .
return true if the named service is enabled .
creates a new virtual machine .
test for issue # 1 .
apply the model to the model and return a list of features .
return the arg .
view for the request .
return a graph of edges with n * n * .
flatten - > list of tuples of tuples of the first elements of the first .
return a matrix with k [ x ] polynomial .
compute the matrix exponential matrix .
get all of a user by key .
test that the names of a table works as expected .
read a line record .
return a response with status code .
filters a query with one or more entities and their values .
return a list of all available vm data on the minion cli example : .
return a new dict with keys that are true .
returns a url from a remote host string .
validate the image of the image .
run the script from the given path to the script .
get info about info .
compute the cache of a polynomial .
default view for user .
return a string representation of a given prefix .
returns json representation of a document .
return a list of paths to all files in the directory .
return osquery information from osquery cli example : .
context manager to ensure that a file is present in a directory .
write gcode file for a gcode file .
get all nodes by node .
remove an user from an s3 bucket .
test for issue # 1 .
compute the average precision .
set up the configuration for the current configuration .
load data from a stream of a python object .
returns a new index object .
return a string representation of a given value .
return a path to the named repository .
start the application .
return the value of the function in the callable .
register a new variable with the value of a variable .
test to ensure object works as expected .
returns a dictionary of the version of the passed in s command .
run a single command line on a given distribution .
return a list of all test modules in the given text .
copy a command .
generate a list of documents that are set of tokens for each group .
set the local data for the current thread .
returns whether the user has access to the given course .
test rgb to hsl color function .
plot the text of a plot .
item delete .
return a generator of groups from groups in the given group .
returns a dictionary of a list of dictionaries .
restart the named service .
returns a list of users .
run tests from a unittest .
return a dict of : { : } instance id : { id : { % } } } EOS
verify a signature .
makes a response from the response .
returns status of http status .
extract metadata from a file of metadata .
create a virtual interface from the virtual interface .
creates a new : class : .
list all available services cli example : .
return the version of the `` ip '' version .
match action for the action .
show a box of two strings .
remove all whitespace from text .
check if the status of a vm exists .
declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers .
get the windows windows file size in the windows directory .
get the average precision of an image .
returns a list of words .
run a command and return the output as a dictionary .
returns true if given output file is in the given output .
get a node by name .
search for an object .
return a new version of the current python source .
set the default http request for the current request .
generate a random id string .
test that we can be used for an image .
render a message with the given name in the context .
test that the user can be used as a variable with the name of the current site .
a function to run a socket from the socket .
list all of the master master on the master .
decorator for views that require a user from the decorated function .
register a new python source file .
main entry point .
the root directory for a collection of a collection of files .
get a list of all available services cli example : .
get the input from the input .
gets the report of the report .
parse an http date / time string according to the date format .
parse an url into its data .
return a string representation of an integer representation of the given string .
return a list of available regions for the current time series .
creates a new request object for a request of headers .
get a service instance to the service api .
return the default application to be used when the minion .
set up the global variables for the specified name .
remove a user from a user .
return filename .
convert a schema to a schema object .
set the movie number of audio output .
compute the linear regression .
returns a template for an instance .
set the value of a configuration option to the configuration file .
render a dictionary to a given items .
check if cluster status cluster is running on the cluster .
enable the authentication for the specified user .
return a random variable with the specified name .
return a string representing the last time of a given date .
return true if obj is a class .
returns the x at x .
print usage of usage information .
convert a file of date formats to a list of date format .
run a command .
update save / save / save / / update / save / save / save / to save / EOS
set up the sensor .
calculates the standard deviation of the given array .
upload a file to a user .
delete a security group cli example : .
decorator to run an exception with an exception handler .
list all the services in a given project .
check if two strings are equal .
user list .
return true if the context is in a context .
run a single command .
return a list of all available data items .
gcode a gcode linear move file .
check for a method parameters .
parameter : string .
run the given image using the given volume group .
convert a time zone to a time zone .
return the elements of an array .
returns a form field for a db .
return a polynomial of p with respect to x .
return true if the given distribution is not a valid python version of c { s } s } EOS
creates a document .
get the path with the vector3 vertexes .
raise an exception for a resource .
returns a tuple of two samples with respect to x .
run the given server .
parse the options .
helper function for the format function .
build a url from a config object .
generate a dataset of samples from data .
gets the info about to the server .
add the x intersections for a loop .
return the path to the user-specific output of a file .
get the file paths in the directory of the file in the directory .
a single entry point .
decorator for creating an instance of a class .
statement : integer id | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | EOS
get a value of all of the files in the minion .
main entry point for the main function .
load a dataset from a dataset of images .
code common to disk .
only load if boto libraries exist .
test that a string is a valid python object .
parse the given yaml file into a dictionary .
encode a stream .
detects image in the file .
generate a new random id .
language : language : language : language : language .
remove any leading whitespace from a string .
test that when user is not installed .
view function that returns a http request object .
loads an extension from the list of modules .
convert an array of index into a single array of points .
generate a new user .
get a security group .
download all the local files in the local folder .
return the current disk instance .
log the configuration in the configuration to the device and log the configuration in the configuration file .
returns the frame of the frame .
return the name of a module .
write filename to a file .
setup the demo sensor .
add a tool shed to the tool shed in the tool shed .
scale the shape of a tensor of x .
sample from sample file .
returns an exception of status from error in an exception .
test to ensure that a plugin is set correctly .
returns a new dict containing the options for the given option name of the default options .
calculate and return a new figure with the closest point of the points .
returns true if two strings are equal .
returns a query string of a query .
tests that the text of a source space from a source .
generate a list of tags for a specific distribution .
loads all the files in the directory .
copy a string .
show a document and a list of documents .
return a new version of the object corresponding to the class .
get all instance metadata for the instance .
return a function that returns an iterator of linear equation with respect to the linear of f .
cache project version ( ) and cache its version .
return true if the given version is available .
logs out the user .
add the given node to the node of the given node .
handle a comment .
create a new instance object .
parse a document .
generate a hash for a key .
make a attribute from attribute .
run the app in the app state .
return image of image of image .
returns a dictionary of all the project .
load data from the specified file .
add a new user to a group .
show a figure with image of two images .
delete a dataset .
set the default value in the default configuration .
returns whether the user is a staff or not .
generate a random string of bytes .
get all instance id for a given instance .
get a module or raise an exception if it exists .
makes a request to the next api .
get a list of all server in a specific server .
calculate the probability for a test using a given distribution of parameters x : array_like .
return a new dict that can be used to set the keys in keys .
return a client object for the specified vm data .
call the function with the output of arguments .
get the region for a service region .
fixture to set the test on all the tests in the test .
compute the average precision for nodes .
list all of the users .
return a list of nodes that have been modified on the given expression .
return a string that matches the given regular expression .
compute the score for a layer of a set of samples .
kill a process with pid from pid .
test plot of plot .
return a boolean indicating whether the argument is in the argument .
compute the matrix matrix of a matrix .
returns true if the given property is enabled .
get the output of the command .
return a list of paths that are in the given file path .
return the path to the directory of a file in the directory .
adds multiple of the batch of each batch .
returns the expr in the expr .
generate a new github repository .
encode the payload content of base64 encoded in base64 .
return a layer name .
helper for : func : meth : 1 .
run migrations in the command line .
set up template settings .
helper to get a single * .
returns a new instance of a raw object .
get the name of an object .
make a test instance .
returns a tuple of the given id and user .
return a list of all of the packages found in the source .
compute the variance of the mean of n .
creates a image file .
local statistics for all the local nodes .
enable the service .
fix log entries by adding a method of log to the log .
context manager to connect to a socket .
gets the certificate from the certificate .
retrieve all the auth info from a given auth id .
use the api to send the output to the device .
return the proxy proxy proxy cli example : .
return a function that takes as a function and name and name the function .
remove a job from the list of documents .
get the plugin plugin plugins .
convert a date string to a tuple .
return true if the named service is available .
check that all of a particular type of a given match is running .
return a form field for a field .
return the configuration of the current platform .
set the default group of the system .
decorator to skip test if we are in a particular version .
helper function for printing that converts `` `` '' '' to a `` `` `` '' '' .
error handler for error .
helper to define an expression that is a valid expression of expressions .
stop the service section 9 .
returns true if the given url is a valid figure .
returns a list of all the directories on the system .
handle a single request of a single request .
setup the figure .
return a new integer x with the integer n .
convert a name object to a native object .
get the base paths for a base class .
decorator to require the user be logged in .
load all of the plugins in the plugins .
helper function to create a new axes .
show the details of an existing stack .
returns true if the given string is a valid string .
convert ip address string to ip address .
test state of state .
parses a sequence of strings and returns a list of of strings .
delete a bucket .
update the api request with the api key / value of the api .
generate a table of two images .
reads a source file from the source .
convert the xml element to a path xml element .
write a new file to a file .
check that all of the files are on the given filesystem .
returns a generator object for the specified class .
check if a console exists .
set the default params .
a view that redirects the user to the login view with a view .
convert a unit to a unit .
parse a handle .
expand the input files for the input image .
run a command and run the arguments and return its output .
returns true if n is a maximum of x .
returns true if the given file is a text file .
returns true if the given url is in the current environment .
returns a filter that matches the same arguments as the filter .
return a new instance of a tool shed .
fixture to test all of a test .
if two strings are not equal .
update an entry of block device mapping .
get version information about a version .
returns a tuple of points from a given list of points .
evaluate an expression value .
test mne representation of an array with respect to x .
test installing from a wheel .
return line number of lines in a line .
convert date to datetime .
calculates the median of the average of the series / index .
run the given command .
create a new reference class for the provided resource type .
get the index of the end of the loop .
checks whether user can delete from cache .
check if a valid signature is valid .
main entry point .
parse a generator .
set the audio output audio output directory .
remove any config from the config and return a dict of comment .
convert : class : datetime .
run a script in a shell .
makes a block block from * tag name * .
returns the number of elements of a tensor .
validates that the user is a valid string .
setup the environment .
get the channel from the channel .
format a function that will call the specified name of the function / method in a container .
if arg is in a string .
remove a user from the group .
return a list of installed packages cli example : .
maps keys for details about an instance .
parse the contents of a template file .
return a random integer representation of a polynomial .
delete .
return a new figure with the minimum of the given image .
system information type 2 section 9 .
return a list of the values of each dimension of the input value .
if we are running in a single space .
get a resource id from a resource .
destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
start a locale for a locale .
check that a single class has been modified .
build a list of arguments from a user .
convert integer to human readable format .
returns a dictionary of stats for a particular user .
compute square-free decomposition of a polynomial in gf ( p ) [ x ] .
check if the given node exists and is the name of the given node .
return a line number that will be used to start up to the beginning of a line .
print out the first character of a string .
validate and validate a property value for a property of a property or raise .
return the name of the current process .
returns an instance of a class .
build a list of html tags .
returns the element in a sequence .
find a command to a path to a command line command .
get the instance id of the instance id in instance .
if the input variable is in the input .
parse a string according to a date format .
creates a new instance .
return a new .
kbengine method .
if the input is set .
list all hosts for a specific host .
return a list of python paths to the python package directory .
join two or more model .
set the value of a given path to the data set of the datastore .
enable the global state for the current thread .
create a zone .
return size for size .
number of bits in a document .
return an instance of the appropriate index .
get a config object from the given path .
remove a named service from the named service .
create a client client with client api client api .
return a list of enabled services cli example : .
convert a number of digits into a tuple of integers .
process the xml element .
generate an instance of a vm .
render a response to a stream .
generate a new folder name .
display the main dialog .
view for a user to login with an email address .
returns a datetime object for the given value type .
split a string into a `` text '' string .
check if a database exists on a database or name exists .
remove tags from text .
converts an xml string into a document object .
generate a new image file .
append a value to the make .
encode the labels of the labels .
split a pathname into two parts .
send message to a message .
returns true if the value is a positive integer .
test to ensure error when error is not set .
check if test is valid .
setup the demo sensor .
use spaces to set color with color .
api : accepts output .
extract all the rows from a given tuple of arguments .
returns a string of length 1 .
decorator for methods that require the class in the app engine .
return status of current process .
parse a response response as a string .
register a new language .
callback to be called when an event is called .
set the number of times in the process .
helper function for creating a single string of a list of integers .
check if we are running in a database .
returns a service instance of a service instance .
convert a group id group id to a group id .
raise an error if the error is not none .
return a date as a date string .
return binary image of an image .
convert a html string to a list of characters .
validates that the method is not in use by default .
create a new user .
make a file of the given file object with the given name of a given file .
view for a user .
compute the inverse of a matrix .
creates a new resource .
handle event .
create a new node object .
read a json file and return as json .
quote a string .
return a line with the line of the line .
decorator that adds headers to a response object .
compute the shape of a matrix .
generate a new dataset .
list all available public ips .
return a list of table names in the given list .
patch the function to make sure that the current process is not available .
get the number of bytes from the file .
get the entry for a match .
get the metadata for a given key .
returns a string representation of an ipv4 address .
only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
convert a value to a unit .
make a new dictionary of a particular type of values .
returns true if user is in use for current user .
install the twisted mainloop .
convert a raw value to an integer .
require several packages to be installed .
generate a new certificate file for a user .
renders a form for permission .
dump an object to a file .
run a single command in the specified service .
update volume group .
find out data in json .
if key is not set .
if the variable is not none .
enable logging on a log file in logging .
test the fit root .
create a new group .
return a string representation of a file .
change the state to the state in the state .
create a new exception class .
return a string with all of the header lines in the header .
return a new figure with the current active environment .
test that the write table contains no data from the file .
get the hex hex string .
return a string representation of a python int .
parse a query string into a dict .
ensure that we can correctly correctly correctly .
show a single line of a given id .
required method to auto register this checker .
calculates the standard deviation of the function of the given distribution .
return a generator that is the first part of an image .
return true if filename is a valid python name .
wrapper for : class : py : func : log .
write message to the console output .
display a topic .
compute the linear regression .
returns true if the word word should be a word .
return a list of the vms that are on the system .
get a container object from the account path .
returns true if line contains a specific target .
returns a wsgi method used for api calls .
get a slice of the list of the last index of a given string .
create a new public public public key .
attach app and app to each of the app application .
set the user variable and return a variable with the default value .
validate the configuration of the config file for the current .
convert a paths into a list of paths .
return a string with spaces in the text .
lists all interfaces on a specific instance .
returns a tuple of .
parse the http header from an http header .
indent the indentation of the indentation .
run the main loop .
returns a random string of length n .
converts a string to a valid string .
parse a file .
raise exception .
dummy function .
get current audio output audio output stream .
get current audio output dataset .
add a service instance to the service object .
find a service instance from a service .
render a http response to the http requests .
create a template string representation of a function as a template .
create a new logger .
test that the `` plugin '' image can be loaded .
return true if the running process is running on this minion .
return true if line is in use .
setup the demo sensors .
execute a single schema in the db .
normalize list of raw data from the raw file .
returns the shortest path between all nodes and their nodes .
helper to determine the output from the object .
generate an array of shape from shape .
set whether the user exists in the current process name .
open a file in a database .
return true if * obj * is iterable .
creates a new shape with the same shape as the tuple of the shape .
return a list of project names in a project .
convert a json resource to the native object .
validate and validate a volume type of volume name .
returns a new graph that returns the first of the graph .
get the maximum distance .
convert raw integer to raw object .
convert x * y * to y * y * .
return the encoding of the encoding of the current locale .
convert a value in seconds to a native value .
test to ensure instance works as expected .
step with parameters that will be called with parameters in the parameters .
print out the results for each language .
execute a command and execute the command .
takes a list of dicts .
index page .
returns the quadrature of the n x n x n .
return a json representation of a python object .
compare two images .
return true if the given value is available on the system .
set the current query to the context .
generate a new image for two images .
get input from the input .
process the xml element .
run all of the given function in a given patch .
return a generator of lines for a file .
build html tags for image with tag images .
returns the value of the first axis of an array .
send an email to a new message .
connect to a database or a specific port .
set the matrix matrix .
register a new block device .
create a new image instance .
return a generator that yields the same id as the first kind .
returns an iterator of the given object obj as a tuple of obj .
return a database version .
factory function for creating a lock .
show the details of an instance .
list all of the provider cli example : .
generate a course id for the course .
set the default colormap to current image if any .
get info about available memory .
view for views .
convert image to image format .
return a list of all job ids .
fixture to test fixture with a fake process .
remove a permissions from the given permissions .
attach a group to a group .
return the number of bits of an array .
removes all of string and output strings with the given string .
display the current time zone version .
create a new figure with a specified name .
print a list of files for each file in a given directory .
pick channels for each data in the series .
add a response to a client api call .
returns a new style object .
create a new server instance to a server .
set up a set of sequences in the range [ 0 .
creates and returns the instance of the script .
set the kernel module if the kernel is installed .
get the host or raise an instance .
encode bson .
set the current audio audio output device .
creates a new message with the given number of messages .
parse the command line .
generate a new random id .
compute the matrix decomposition of a matrix .
update a template configuration file for a given template name .
request to have task .
find the title in the given url .
return true if the status of a service is enabled .
create a continuous random variable with a continuous distribution .
set the region for the region of a region region .
extract a single file from an existing image .
get raw data .
return a new queue object .
return a new copy of a tensor .
test that the stream works with no data set to the stream .
returns true if a logger has a logger for the given logger .
wait until the element has been set .
return a dictionary of tree as a tree .
gcode linear move file .
generate a zip file .
open a file in binary mode .
replace all of a single string with a given text .
return the number of bits of bits in a sequence of binary representation .
return a string with encoding of s .
create a new api request .
returns an absolute url for the content of an image file .
helper function for creating a list of fields from a list of fields .
create a new image .
decorator to update the course cache for a particular course .
check if a given path exists .
returns true if the system is running on this system .
change the default values of a user .
decorator to make sure python 2 .
return a string containing the regular expression matches of the string .
helper function for creating a single integer value in the given document .
adds an label to the label .
valid representation of an expression .
reset state to show state .
delete a qos specs .
sends a notification to a notification about all of the current state .
calculate the average of a single index .
load test suite for all tests .
find a list of handlers from the app names .
return a list of files in the given path .
delete a zone .
send signal to all of a signal .
compute the average for each element of a set of points in the given list .
read a new .
get the options from salt .
helper for creating a single instance .
create a context manager object .
send message to x .
update an image object .
only load if the module is available .
get a list of state info for a particular state .
require the revision .
execute a message on a given message .
raise exception for the current thread / process .
save the current disk to disk in the configuration file .
test that when we can be called from a task .
context manager to temporarily execute a process .
returns a string with all of the given url .
decorator that creates a new user from a particular image .
set the public key to the ssh key .
calculate the average of the average of a plot .
convert an output file of attributes to a package version .
test installing from a package with version .
main program .
test if an error is raised when a specific host is not set .
create a new instance of a configuration file .
formats a date in the format according to the format .
setup the application root .
return a list of all available vm cli example : .
add two instances of a single entry .
display the main dialog .
decorator for marking the first and time zone .
create a new image .
add a function to be called when the function is called .
return a new dict with all keys of the values that are not .
add a line number for a buffer .
set up the default site for a site .
return a string with all of a regex match .
assert a and b .
cache the output of a function in a cache .
test for # 1 .
return a value that is not none .
only load if boto libraries exist .
test exit .
run command and return its output .
wait for the container to the state .
get a resource type .
log a message with the specified location .
delete a user .
install a new image with the given name in the given namespace .
send event to event .
returns an error message of the error message .
when a step definition calls an step definition with step definition with step definition .
load only on mac os .
add field of a volume group .
compute a plot of data and plot .
get a list with the specified type .
generate a uuid for uuid .
update the current figure .
test that the results of an image is expected .
return a new product between two points in the same way .
returns a new environment variable set with the current environment .
parse the response for a request .
returns a list of email addresses from the given user .
rate rate from rate .
add the paths to the paths .
return a list of arguments arguments in a single string .
return a string representing the current time in the current environment .
apply given properties of data to document .
test that when we can be run as a variable .
return a dictionary of information from osquery cli example : .
creates a new session object .
returns a authentication backend for authentication .
check if a package is valid .
get a value from the wsgi application .
returns the distance between two strings .
compute the linear multivariate linear regression .
callback for when request fails .
create a new project .
print a summary of the summary of a specific number of tokens .
returns a queue name of the current process id .
destroy a node .
check if the specified command exists .
clean up any `` * '' * '' * .
set the policy for a policy to a specific policy .
return a class instance for the given class name in the class .
convert a float value to float or float .
return true if the specified location is in the specified context .
check if a user exists on a specific user cli example : .
count number of items in a process .
return the path of the python build .
returns the maximum of the graph .
require several packages installed .
decorator that wraps a function in a test case of a particular function as an argument .
test the fit sample .
parse a query string into .
makes a block block stack .
render the entire command line arguments : return : dict of the output of the process .
returns the x .
get a dict of rules for a specific vm .
return number of messages .
migrate source file into the database .
convert text to html .
match a list of : func : 1 .
ensure a new package exists .
restful crud controller .
sends a request request .
returns a list of feed items for a given feed .
return a dict of all of the package available on the package available : / / / / / EOS
run the test suite .
convert a key or none value to an integer .
delete a specific authentication cli example : .
compute the derivative of the z function of the z .
convert an object into an identifier .
test that the error when passed error is raised .
test mne inverse computation .
update the named container .
generate a new list of documents and save them to the user .
remove a task from the task .
list all hosts in the hosts .
load a dataset .
check if the given extra is available .
return a list of all available vm on the cloud provider with name cli example : .
remove files in a file .
return a list of plugin ids in the plugins .
restful crud controller .
returns a list of text field names .
converts dtype to dtype .
get an api resource path .
replace the function with an integer number of arguments to an integer number of times .
adds a class with all of the methods on class .
returns the request level of messages from the request .
convert an integer to a native array containing values for given types .
determine if the loop is inside the loop .
write a file descriptor to a file .
run a command as a shell command .
return a generator of all connected nodes in g .
returns true if the given filter match the given filters .
return a : class : .
converts a value in plain text into a variable .
sets the console size in a console .
return a list of links in the given document .
quotes a url if it isnt already in a url .
set the default site for a particular site .
parse a field .
user list page .
raise an error if the error was not found in the given error .
validate that the value is not a valid string .
create a new figure with the given name of the given message .
check that the value of a field has been changed from the specified color .
creates a new block that will be used to perform any of the current block of template .
lists all of the directories that are in the given list .
returns a generator of all of the nodes of a node .
returns a new instance of the appropriate type of an integer or none .
serialize a sequence of encoding to a xml file .
create a new backend instance .
wait until the specified lock is running .
creates a query to filter documents .
return a list of log entries in the current directory .
fetch query results from a file .
setup the demo sensor .
returns a boolean indicating whether the value is true .
extract names from a single string of code .
makes a function that returns a string of a text .
convert an html file of the code to a python code object .
test that the column names in a column is column .
return a dict of request object from the request data in the request .
test that the input can be used as a single input .
get next next next next .
check if the given path is a valid root directory and if the user is not found .
a view that adds the current database to a specific context .
sort the given order of order of order of order .
add a server to a server .
check that a string is valid .
return size of file size in bytes .
patch the patch of a function / method / patch .
convert an integer to an int .
write the contents to a file .
write out the contents of a file in the given directory .
restful crud controller .
decorator to mark functions as an api method .
clean up the main application .
get the container path to the container parent directory .
install a ruby install the ruby ruby the root of the install packages cli example : .
get new repository .
check that the alias of a alias of alias is enabled .
convert an image file into an int .
test that the class can be used to test as expected .
factor polynomials in k [ x ] .
escape & .
test reading and exit code for testing .
test plot of images with images for image .
check that all of a random state is in * .
helper function to generate a single key .
returns a theano shared variable .
record a record .
return image object info from vm data .
item view .
sets the log to the log .
generator that returns a document from a document .
delete all tags for a specific image .
return the information on a specified jid id cli example : .
set up the site for a group .
parse an url into its parts .
convert a list of items into a list of dicts .
returns true if the given html page is valid .
converts a string to a valid html .
get all volumes belonging to a specific volume .
print a message with severity error on the message .
find out what is in the file is found in .
log a message with severity error on the root logger .
returns http header value from http header .
update a config object with the current configuration value .
check that x is a list of integers .
only load if boto is available .
test that the copy of a copy of a copy of a copy of a variable .
read a file .
returns the results of a given url .
language : - > sucess .
elementwise exponential function .
detects whether the user has been updated with the given content .
get all default context .
show the details of an image .
create a model class .
a custom identity dictionary .
convert size in bytes of size in bytes .
check whether file exists and is a valid directory .
decorator for cache and cache methods .
create a new figure manager instance .
create a new figure manager instance .
convert a tuple to a tuple .
convert url to a user .
check if the configuration file exists and is valid .
remove a user from a group .
configure logging to the log .
return the hostname for a hostname that will a hostname .
return a offset from offset in offset .
return a string containing the `` list of '' names that are in the current environment .
request token to be used in a request .
function for creating a property from a specific object .
decorator that require a user be logged in to a user .
parses a string in the form [ 0 .
execute a function as a decorator .
get the uuid in a uuid .
returns the first item of an object .
attach a role role for a user .
three number .
render a new figure to the default view .
test that the path is created .
list all users .
return a list of pairs of pairs of k .
test mne raw function .
normalize an object from the entity .
print out a message if it is not found .
return a dict of all of the vms on the minion cli example : .
return a default version of the default file .
generate a new string representation of an object .
returns the word of a word .
return a user name as a string of a user .
three number of characters .
dump all the local nodes .
validate the beacon configuration .
validate that the value of a field is valid .
creates an image file with the provided uuid and save .
returns a dict of the named vm .
check if the user has been changed .
handler for requests .
test either if an error is raised when sample is different at fitting and sampling .
wrap the unicode with the given arguments .
get or create a user .
usage : a section 9 .
return a new random key object .
convert a number to a figure .
return a list of disk instances .
test mne inverse .
add f * * * * * * using f ( x ) [ x ] .
decorator to make a function that will be called .
return a url from a source .
returns the sum of a and b .
process the xml element .
returns the script script for the given path .
convert a series object to a native array structure .
helper function to create a new request object .
ensure that a project is valid for a node id or a node id is set to a node EOS
given a message .
initialize the module as appropriate for the application / version .
returns true if g is a maximum .
build a list of arguments from a list of tags .
return a list of all of the options .
valid valid valid valid valid settings .
return a new index value .
convert an expression into a theano tensor .
set the virtual kernel is on the system .
send a message with severity size in the registry .
convert the xml element .
load the model for all models in a model .
run a command and return its output as a new directory .
test that the class can be used when model is called .
get html tags .
initialize all of the global process .
test mne report .
copy an array into the device representation of an array .
run a command in a remote repository .
check that all of a specific virtual host exists in the given directory .
delete host group .
set the number of password in the password .
get all volumes belonging to a specific volume group .
returns a string that will be used as a string to make it in a raw .
get a security group .
render a template to a wsgi application .
if expr is in x .
convert integer to float .
handle a single post .
return the target link to the target file .
helper to parse the original text .
return a list of all available vm cli example : .
list all volumes belonging to a specific volume .
get a list of file names from a filename .
import a python object for use in a given project .
compute the product of a class .
return a value for option that can be used as a default value .
convert an integer to a boolean value .
wait for the server to run in the specified server .
set the user in the password for the current user .
returns a json representation of a course .
return a list of all the documents in the specified course .
get the evaluated value as a float .
test mne inverse .
tests that when we have a type of type .
return the set of edges that are in the graph .
test label volume label .
return the items of a set of items .
return a path to the package directory .
encode a string to encode the given length .
return a list of table names in the given base class .
convert a package version string into a package object .
parse the command line arguments and parse the user arguments and parse the arguments and the user .
return a list of all the extensions extensions in the given directory .
get the version of the current linux distribution .
build a url from a project .
setup the demo sensors .
return a list of all of the files in the specified package .
execute a single service via salt .
return a string representation of an image .
convert an image format to an format string .
return a function that returns a new directory containing the current dir to local .
get the complex path .
add a new user to the login form .
compute a linear regression .
return info about the locale information on the system .
handle the snapshot of a vm .
returns the length of a bytes .
list all available service .
given a course id .
sample from random values of length n .
checks if given certificate is a valid certificate for the specified certificate .
return a string with spaces in the text .
test for html tags .
start the application server .
add a new image to the specified location .
return the first configured instance of the minion .
set the default value of a variable in the permission .
request user information in a course .
add a user to a password .
if path is a directory or a directory .
create a new event id .
parse an uri uri into an uri .
wrapper for : py : func : py : py : py : py : py : func : EOS
return the number of file .
get the list of installed apps .
save / update a model to the model .
return a set of headers from a response object .
main entry point of the tool shed repository from the api .
returns a dictionary of a specific type of the name of the specified volume .
start a process with the specified server .
render an empty link to a template .
save the load to the specified jid id .
test mne inverse computation .
returns true if given ip is in a list of ip addresses .
returns the first element of a function .
list all available vm cli example : .
load data from the user data to the context manager .
new document form .
return a list of tuples of shape and shape .
set the local name .
if value is unicode .
create a new dict containing the values of a dict .
handle the response ( ) or raise an exception if the current process is not .
format a single file in a format .
generate a new json file of an api request .
fixture to test with a fake request object .
patch ( ) : thread thread thread thread thread thread thread thread thread thread thread thread thread thread thread EOS
remove a post from a site .
encode bson .
statement : integer identifier .
release version of installed packages .
get description of description of dataset .
print out a list of arrays .
print a list of available services .
check if an instance is available .
get all of a user .
show message message with message and message .
normalize an expression between two numbers and 1 .
return image with shape and shape : array of image with shape : array of shape of shape : EOS
image - > image .
loads all the account from the account .
make sure the link link is a link .
return a function that returns an integer value from the given * x * .
parse a list of pairs .
create a new new media .
extract a query from a string of text .
return the information of the salt salt .
split a list of lines into lines of * sql * .
creates a new id and returns the corresponding to the corresponding api id .
parses a json string representation of json .
convert integer to float .
convert obj to a field .
return a file containing the contents of a file .
ensure that the package is installed .
converts a float to a float .
get equated paths .
join a list of strings .
format an error message with tag and message .
add a line to the current request .
internet gateway fail to internet gateway .
stop the specified server .
reads the value of a key .
send a message to a user .
handler for the application .
find a package .
test that a category is not set to the path .
convert a file of tree into a list of dictionaries .
validate and validate a single flavor .
returns a course with given course id .
test chart of the result of a set of points .
returns a : class : class : i18n with the given : class : global instance .
test for output : class : output .
get the version of the current image url .
return a dictionary containing the contents of a given file .
get a value from the api .
return a new theano function that returns an iterator of the root logger .
yaml : string set the name of the file in the repository .
convert a value to a native character .
rgb to rgb color .
order - > int order .
restful crud controller .
tests that the float type of an object is float .
convert a row matrix to a row of k [ x ] .
return server name of the current instance .
perform an email record lookup .
fetches a list of all profile for a tenant cli example : .
test line with a single line .
run a single command line with a given id and number of values .
return the current system cli example : .
returns a string representing the number of seconds since the epoch .
create the directory to create the directories for temporary directories .
get the carving for the file .
check if a service is running on a running service instance .
convert a path to a unicode string .
show the name of the user as a function in the default .
test to make sure that the html tags are not equal to html .
action a user .
return a new figure with the given name .
context manager to temporarily change the temporary directory to run .
return data to a binary representation of bytes .
returns the version from the version .
returns the code of a code .
apply a function to a window of a window .
decorator for views that require a particular request of a particular type .
test plot of image with images for image .
return a function that is not a decorator with f ( ) ) ) .
run a command with the options set to a directory .
return the number of bytes from the given string .
delete a service .
load a library instance from a library object .
add user access to the access of a user .
set the default of the variable in the current variable .
helper to define an expression that is not a valid expression .
tests that the creation of a file extension is not set .
return a path to the parent directory of the source file .
generate a test suite from a test suite of test suite .
check that the value of a key is not in the form .
install the python package from the python interpreter .
format a number as a string .
delete a service .
run the given test suite .
convert a list of tuples into a list of tuples .
gets the report of the report .
find the source of a source space .
helper to define a tensor with shape and shape .
create a new environment .
returns a new password value .
create a new client instance of the specified client .
check for when we are in the same .
check if a given certificate is enabled for the specified user .
parse the salt master and return a dict of values for the specified network interface .
return the message for a message .
get a list of all available languages .
return a list of n that are equal to n .
return a tree for the tree .
return a list of n .
return a list of arguments names .
return an iterator over the values of an object .
only works on windows systems .
return the index of the index in the set of the edge index .
restful crud controller for options .
only for windows .
get a session to the server .
setup the configuration options for the configuration .
is the rule to see if the rule is enabled .
get raw data .
returns a raw array corresponding to a raw object .
return the root directory to the root of a repo .
log a message to the log of a resource .
verify a signature .
trailing whitespace .
get the host options from salt .
enable / disable log .
return a list of the nodes of a node with the given node .
return a list of table names in the given table .
api : accepts output .
convert a value to a boolean value .
returns a string representing an http date in the http date .
delete one or more release with an existing release .
generate a uuid from the uuid of a uuid .
wait until the specified process is running .
returns the length of the given string .
read a tag from file .
register the driver .
replaces space character ( ) with a new character ( ) with a new one space ( ) with EOS
return the path to the directory that match the given files in the given directory .
run a single process in the container .
return a list of all available versions available on the minion cli example : .
create a new virtual machine .
take an ip string / int / int / an ip / int / int / * / * EOS
enable or disable an account .
set the handler for the current image .
returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
list all of files that are installed in the specified package .
test to ensure that the mapping type works as expected .
recursively convert a path to a key .
translate a regular expression pattern to a regular expression pattern .
set the group .
set / get / etc / o a string .
determine if the text of a gcode file is in the text .
return the corresponding to the specified kernel .
test mne inverse computation .
compute the log of the log of the log of the log .
block a new session .
required method to auto register this checker .
returns the number of characters in a string .
create a user .
convert a number of bits into a tuple .
get a collection of collection from collection .
get group information .
checks if the given string is valid .
returns a list of all variables in the given variables .
generator for token .
print out the data from the device .
start the subprocess process with the subprocess command line .
initialise module .
update a new flavor entry .
get the unit representation of a matrix .
import a package name from package * .
register the mode .
returns a new course code object .
return the distance between two images .
returns a list of sql statements used to display the data set .
decorator to make a function into a decorator that will make them into a decorator .
change the group of the group .
set the movie time .
set the log to the log .
add a new user to a database .
returns a list of all the application services on the application server .
return true if the file is in the given file .
view a course to the course .
returns a new tuple of two or more than one index .
generate a random string of bytes .
test that the results of service is enabled .
compute hash of the given file .
unregister a server .
execute a command line arguments and return a dict with the output .
create a remote remote repository with the specified path .
image of the image .
remove a queue from the queue name .
create a tree object from a tree .
convert html tags to html .
generator that returns a list of dictionaries .
test whether we are running in a specific set of options .
destroy the given volume or raise if it does not exist .
run the tests in the main loop .
register a new object in the given module .
return the object corresponding to the object .
encode a string using the base64 encoding in base64 .
returns the language code for the current language .
return a dict with information about all of a user .
adds the headers of a list with the headers of headers .
return a list of all of the files in the container .
convert bytes to bytes .
set user .
migrate facts .
set the function to be used with the decorated function .
return a string with length of the length of the given string .
run a status in a status .
format a response as a string .
compute a matrix of data and log them in a particular distribution .
convert a 2d tensor .
convert integer to integer .
run the main program .
retry code with the given exception .
list the packages currently installed in a dict : : { < name > : < version > } EOS
test either if an error is raised when x is not binary type .
the main application .
get the current environment .
sets the time zone for the current thread .
get a value from the wsgi environment .
returns a list of the names of the names of the named names .
checks if name is available .
return a matrix of input array with values for input .
test the behavior of the list of strings in the list .
find a element with an id with a specific id .
new location form .
returns a form field for a db .
return a dictionary of tags and tags .
return only if all the modules are available .
returns a new class for the given model class .
download the data from the file .
file edit .
return a random item from the list of available random items .
update the local cache or update the specified image .
checks if the given user is in the current environment .
start a vm .
set the default colormap to disk .
create a new node .
return a list of all available modules in the given module .
returns a string of the value from the given http header value .
serialize a element of a given element .
return true if the given string is from s .
context manager to temporarily temporarily create a socket object .
check that all of the installed version of the specified package exists .
test raw data .
test that the environment variable can be set with one set .
convert a value to a list of strings .
load a list of files into the list of files .
print unicode strings for use in unicode .
filters a sequence of objects by a test to a test function .
logs out the user from the request .
set the time zone for a given virtual machine .
main entry point for the main process .
check if we have been updated with / * .
return tree for tree .
test random data for an image .
setup the demo sensors .
decorator that runs a task as a task in a task .
computes the average precision of two numbers .
check if we are running on a version .
signal handler for signal .
drop a language .
get all available regions for the aws amazon aws service .
strip the stream from the last line of a stream .
run all of the given objects in a given order .
return a generator of all lines in the file .
generate a new shape of a source distribution .
decorator for views that require an argument .
return a list of items from iterable of items .
returns a new date object with the given number of values .
generate a new node from the given document .
return a function that returns a function from a callable .
fetch data from the response .
get a value from the global network device name is the name of the global value of the current EOS
list all groups .
returns the value of the configuration key .
generate a new signature .
list all of the available environment .
helper to create a new urls for urls .
test to ensure that a template is not set .
map a list to a single array .
get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
sort the given root .
this is the function is called by the command line in the context .
format a format message for the specified format .
compute the mean of the mean of an array .
update the glance with the specified ip address .
calculate the average of variables for each node of the function of the variables .
stop the specified service cli example : .
get the average precision of two images .
returns a list of results for the given test suite .
convert a string of characters into a string .
find the n elements in an iterable .
run the command line api .
remove any file in the `` dir '' if it exists .
return the label class corresponding to the corresponding to the corresponding label int .
sync the modules from the salt : / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
get the available regions of a module .
generate a single image of images on the image in the specified image .
extract and extract the options from a list of options .
return a list of lines that are not in the given data .
makes a function from a sequence of arguments .
return a list of targets from a file system .
initialize the module as the name of the current file .
returns the number of x by the number of x .
get the inset path from the points .
get equated vertexes .
returns a dictionary of information about the api call are available .
convert a sequence of names to a python list of strings .
test filter for valid filter .
return f in k [ x ] polynomial .
replace all of a single urls with a given string .
run all the results in a given test suite .
return a string representation of a value .
calculate the average of each element of a set of paths .
update the latest version of a variable .
returns a user name .
helper to create a new action with a warning .
set permissions for user permissions .
default view for all requests .
same as a * b .
make a binary matrix of a binary matrix .
returns a string of the default values for a specific node .
get a type name of the type of the name of the module .
restful crud controller for options .
creates a new context object from the given stream .
computes the mean of variance .
get a value from a key .
return a function that will be called with a single space .
returns a json object with the specified id of a course id .
get all metadata about a specific metadata .
return a uri for a repository from a uri .
return a tuple containing the names of the names in the given names .
copy file from source to destination .
run command .
parse the json output of a document from xml file .
returns a dictionary with the keys of a dictionary with the keys of the keys .
helper function for printing of a single string .
convert a numpy array of matrices into a list of integers .
extract request headers from a http response .
returns a string representing a color in the color in the color .
checks if a user has permission to a permission .
creates a link from the app .
get the name of a vm .
unpack filename to filename .
update the metadata if it exists .
convert tuple of obj to tuple .
validates that the user is valid .
search paths for paths .
check for a valid file .
check if any given version of the specified distribution are valid .
test that mask are not be on a single line .
returns a list of file names in a given url .
return a new dict with the current process parameters * * kwargs : { kwargs : { deferred } EOS
returns a list of all the model instances .
return a datetime object as a timezone object .
if the user has a valid image type .
remove files that are not created with the given name .
make sure the process is available .
get options from options .
returns true if the given value is valid .
convert a value to unicode .
load a class from a string of class .
render a json template to a json .
return the network to use .
context manager to temporarily set the current mode .
shutdown the database to the database .
read a value from the next integer .
returns a list of courses that are in the course .
restful crud controller .
test for issue # 1 .
pad - > x .
parse an element of a string or a match .
copy value to a field .
return data to the current system cli example : .
show the details of an existing installed in the specified list .
get the current local variable .
return a url if the backend backend is not found in the backend / / / / / / EOS
set the user module if the kernel is installed .
expression : name | expression | expression | expression | expression | expression | expression .
return a text representation of a python string .
parse an xml string into a python object .
removes a template variable with the current block .
returns the default session .
test mne function .
collect all of the css files that are present in the given course .
flatten a dict of the appropriate types of params .
compute the sum of the matrix of f .
setup the environment for a specific virtual environment .
build a dictionary containing the tags of a source .
save / update data from save / save / update / save / save / save / save / EOS
select device list for a device .
parse the url and return a query string or query parameters .
get new repository .
set the default colormap to display a file .
read a xml string .
returns a string representing the given value .
convert a source space in bytes .
load a file from a given path .
get the evaluated text .
compare two parameter .
update a task object .
test either if an error is raised with wrong decimal value for the ratio .
return a string representation of text .
test installing from a package .
insert / insert / data into the list .
test output with two tags .
search for an object .
returns a column of the column names in a column .
get the default value of a node .
create a new client object from the configuration .
check that the line matches the line number of characters are not found .
fix any environment variables that require the environment variable passed in the environment .
generate a list of files for each repository in the given list .
return full path to the user-specific output directory .
write data to a file of bytes .
search for search and search of search .
get the channel from the channel mode .
check if a vm exists .
create a new figure with the specified data .
create a new instance of a configuration file .
return image as a default image object .
returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
send an action to a user or stream .
test installing from a wheel .
returns a summary of a summary of a summary of exploration summary with given exploration .
parse the output of the command line .
send a message to a user .
called from the xml file .
set the backend .
try to import a package from the system .
create a new instance of the database instance .
remove tags from a file .
returns a dictionary of { `` { `` } '' } '' .
update volume cache for given command .
return image as a matrix .
get a password hash for a given user .
convert a complex id to a complex id .
returns true if the given array is a tuple .
return the nth base function of n .
setup the demo component .
find a free port on the specified interface .
return x if x .
validate that the value is valid ipv4 address .
if the value of a float is in the int .
get the absolute path to the container name of the module .
check that all of a document contains valid document .
scale the scale matrix of a matrix .
returns the last last update of a record .
wait for a specific container .
when given a line has been run with an exception .
create a set of loops .
open a file in a directory .
render a template with the specified name and dictionary of the template .
create a new class instance .
compute the average precision of a kernel with respect to x .
check that all of the models in the given model are valid .
returns language for language .
helper to create a new attribute .
compute the mean of linear regression loss function of the linear regression .
recursively walk a directory tree .
enable / disable server .
helper to remove an existing user .
handle a single request of log messages .
creates a new instance of an instance of an object .
raise exception when exception is not found in exception .
escape a string to be used as a valid string .
convert a value to a float value .
setup the devices .
fetches all threads in the given exploration .
return a dictionary of information about the given stream .
write a representation of an instance to a file .
retrieves single flavor from the given flavor .
return a project with a given project directory .
apply a command line to the current process .
compute the matrix of a matrix .
decorator for tests that require a condition function * * * * .
test that the latest version of a package is installed .
split a pathname into two lists of points .
sends a : class : app .
split a string into multiple lines with spaces in the same way .
assert that the name of the class matches the corresponding string representation of * * * .
get a list of feed items for a specific user .
get the inset path .
run a single command .
remove a template from a file .
convert a node object into a tuple .
list all of the vms on this minion .
copy files from source to another .
display a file from the plugin .
context manager to temporarily sets the current user .
delete user from the username / password / default / username / username / username / .
converts an integer to a base base base x .
returns the shape of a tensor .
compute the linear regression .
parse an url into its data .
test installing from a package with -- installed .
get the host instance for the vm .
test if the input is raised when the target is not set .
run a command on a remote host .
view for a user to view a new user .
return a schema for the given action schema .
return a new integer p for the given p .
sets the path to the current directory .
return the message representation of a message object .
wait to see create database output .
yield all items in an iterable .
test for # line .
convert a list of color into a list of color names .
add a course to a course .
returns a list of all instances associated with the given machine .
return a list of all the comment classes of a comment .
return a list of file paths to file path .
convert a string to a list of characters .
helper function for the input array .
the global settings is the global settings object for the current site has been changed .
filter out the users info from a file .
generate all of a single token in a single list .
normalize an entity .
returns a time zone object .
create a new instance of the named service .
get a policy for a specified policy .
get the directory path .
plot plot of plot .
compute the shortest path between all nodes .
compute the integer range of a range of p .
add the xml element .
returns content of content from content .
parse the command line options and parse the arguments for the arguments to the user .
get a field .
delete a new event .
return a new product of an instance of a specific server .
copy the info about all of a interfaces .
read the contents of a file .
convert an integer to an int .
get a project from a project .
delete a blob from url .
computes the loss loss .
restful crud controller .
returns a list of sample ids of sample ids .
replace the name of the file with the given name .
handler for adding an html document .
build a test api request object .
decorator for methods of functions .
returns true if user can be used for a user .
return the regular expression pattern in the given string .
return a list of tuples for an interface .
print a message to the log .
returns true if the model is a default model .
split a path into components .
if the user is in the current site .
get a list of root logger for the root of a process .
generate a new dataset with values for each element of the input data .
return a string representation of a and b .
return a list of all available modules in the module .
query a single query of a single query .
returns true if the given http headers is a valid http header dict .
fix frame of source files .
return a matrix that is the same as x .
adds a new language to the translations .
add a new path to the parent directory .
run a single link in a file .
returns the manager for the given manager .
displays a response with a single header .
yield files in the given directory .
return a list of lines for each line in the given alias .
convert s to string .
get current audio audio output stream .
send a message to a message .
start a console logging and stderr .
clean an image from a url .
decode base64 encoded data .
check if the given value is a valid ipv4 address .
generate a key .
start the server .
get the glance metadata for a volume .
if datetime is none .
return a list of all available container ids .
read a record .
returns a list of all of the current site .
returns whether the given course is in the course mode .
formats a date according to the date format .
kbengine method .
load a file of bytes from the specified file .
strip whitespace and trailing whitespace .
clears all the source files in the cache .
group entities from html .
returns a list of labels for labels .
create a device .
delete a property or raise if it does not exist .
pack a window into a window .
sort the given value as a list .
generator that yields a stream of bytes from a stream of bytes .
product of a single collection of tuples in the product of each item in the order of the product EOS
show all of the strings .
yield chunks of chunks from iterable .
return true if the given array is a valid array .
execute a template callable given the callable object and returns the callable object .
format a list of message about all of a process .
return the contents of the named vm cli example : .
get the path to the container parent directory .
return the function used by the module .
build a new task object from the build .
set the given properties on a node .
remove a file or directory .
convert points into a points in the points .
return a list of all of the packages found in the package .
install the installed package from the installed installed installed installed .
if the input variable is in the form of a node .
test for # 1 .
require several version of installed packages .
returns true if x is a valid layer .
normalize path to html files with a single space .
add a new host to a list of commands .
compute the mean of the image of the input data .
create virtual interface .
setup the demo sensor .
save all the static files .
returns the path of an executable .
the group .
convert an id to a string .
generate content for file .
creates a new request object from the http headers .
compute the mean of an array .
count number of bits in a string .
given a url .
convert an ip address of an address to a socket .
return image data from a local file .
displays a list of template templates and add it to the context .
disable an service .
makes a command .
return a string representing the given number of bytes .
generate a url for a resource .
return a list of valid images from the database .
creates a temporary file descriptor from the given file descriptor .
check if the given search of valid image can be a valid string .
returns a string with the given url .
returns an instance of an api class .
return a device mapping size for a device .
list all of the files in the directory .
return a version of the git repository .
validate user email address and email address user .
context manager to temporarily create a temporary directory .
read the bytes from the stream .
set the * axis * axis to the current axes .
restful crud controller .
parses a set of lines .
creates an index object for a new one .
compute the product of a single image .
view for a list of policy .
return a string containing the output as a string .
test that the settings can be set as a list of strings for each other .
change the root directory of the user .
render a string in the form .
set the size of a vm .
creates a request object from the request data dict .
builds the api server for the application server .
convert a number to a relative version .
returns whether the user has been logged in a particular user .
generate a uuid from uuid .
compute the dot product of two matrices .
find a series of tuples for each item in a list of tuples .
merge one or more elements into one .
compute the mean of the mean of the mean of the distribution .
all arguments are running in the specified range .
returns the product of two images .
create a new graph from a list of items .
average / / 1 / 1 / index .
returns a method that will call the appropriate argument .
compute the dot product of a matrix .
return a container that will be used to get a container into a container .
creates the language .
creates a new app object .
convert a value to a key .
view that returns a auth context object with authentication and auth info .
check if group exists in group .
start the server .
return a dictionary of arguments : : size : the name of the distribution file .
create a new volume type .
test installing from a package using pip installed .
save all the save state to disk .
return only if all the modules are available .
test reading of raw data .
returns a new : class : resource .
sort the collection of collection .
generate a new file containing the contents of a file .
convert a unicode string to a unicode object .
lookup a value in a registry key .
groups all groups groups from a user .
add faces from loops .
get a list of all the agent agent agent by agent agent agent agent agent .
fake version of service .
test that the sum of the inverse of the input is not log .
add the given namespace to the namespace dictionary .
given a list of ip addresses .
returns a dict with all of a specific id .
return list of all available services cli example : .
get current audio volume of current audio volume .
execute a single task .
sum a matrix .
remove a `` not '' from the `` name '' .
return version from version .
returns the number of data points in the data .
data into the response code .
get a list of services for a specific service .
cache arguments are in an image .
wait for the page to be sent with the api .
list all of the courses that are in the specified course .
compute a set of public key .
returns a password hash for the password of a password file .
return a yaml file path to the yaml file for the specified path .
return a local instance .
test to ensure option when option is run .
convert a sequence of integers into a list of integers .
delete a volume cli example : .
statement : integer id | integer | newline .
returns a form field for a db .
return a list of all the files in the given directory .
returns a string of the password from the given password .
computes the inverse of two arrays .
parse a line log .
show a new figure out of a repository .
get the float .
get the os name of the os x .
parse the command line arguments .
setup the demo sensor .
generate a new image for each image in the images .
get the media player of the media .
context manager to temporarily set the current environment .
add a new model to an existing app .
get a value from the rest api .
return a list of all available objects that have been set of all .
install the application with the default settings .
run a string with `` .
convert a binary string of bytes from the specified path to a binary string .
converts a string to a valid valid format string .
get the path to the current image of the path .
test the http request handler class .
callback for when an object is called .
convert a time string to seconds .
test for url with a single html .
parse the command line options .
create a fake default .
load data from the specified file .
set the default value in the default list .
update the glance metadata for a given id .
set the * y * y * if the current axes is not * .
get the index of the sequence .
output the comment to the comment .
check whether the specified status exists .
remove all of a specific characters from a given string .
returns a dictionary of a list of of of ids of the specified course .
get the status of a specific pid .
flatten a nested dictionary .
parse a string according to the template format .
create a continuous random variable with a continuous distribution .
return all of the app modules in the given module .
retry function over time until it is enabled .
return a rate of the rate of a function .
return a polynomial of f in f [ x ] .
context manager to save the current working directory .
get all available regions for the amazon amazon amazon service .
this is the next date to the next date .
create a new task object .
assert that the inverse of error .
return the value of the contents of a filename .
update the database .
register a user .
return a deferred which is used in the current figure .
delete a user cli example : .
return a list of items that are not found in the given item .
get the repository constructor .
compute the exponential function of a tensor .
return a new : class : .
decode a base64 encoded string .
gets all state for a particular state .
get a specific instance .
unpack the current line to a file .
print a message .
write a file of lines to a file in a file .
request user auth info in the auth .
evaluate the linear regression .
write a file in the given filename to the given filename .
convert a locale name to a locale name .
select the query .
replace 0 / 0 / 0 / 0 / 0 / 0 / 0 / 0 / 0 / EOS
class decorator for creating a class with target and target .
start a server .
return line number of leading / index .
convert string into a list of strings .
update the server with the specified info in the server .
return true if path is a file .
split a list of headers into a dict of headers .
returns a list of permission names for a particular course .
set the number of days in the password set .
build a test suite of test classes from a module .
print a log of the log of the method .
set request headers to the response with http header .
decorator that checks the results for each test suite .
get the points from the points .
builds a dictionary of fields for the images .
write graph in bytes of g .
display a user .
read a float from bti file .
expected __doc__ .
returns a list of sample ids from a given distribution .
validate that value is a option of option of option values for option of option .
return the environment for the current user .
return the path to the mac address of a file .
get new derivation .
convert a dict of dictionaries of a dict to a dict of columns .
destroy a floating ip from a floating ip .
register a function to be called with a decorator .
delete a qos specs .
a wrapper for the ( ) function that will not be used in the default module .
only load this module if the kernel module is installed on this minion .
decorator for functions that require an api call to current image .
remove a command and arguments from a group of args .
gcode a gcode linear move file .
load filename from filename .
set / remove all the current directory of all of the file system .
context manager to temporarily set the time zone .
generate a random integer number of bits .
get the class from the string representation of the class .
rgb to rgb color .
test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
quote - > str .
load config from the specified path .
send email email after account is called .
adds the response to the given httpresponse object to the server .
render the users dashboard page .
create a group .
checks if any argument in the given arguments are valid .
set the default site for all of the default site .
return the directory to the dir for the files in the dir .
read the data from the given file .
use this to connect to the device .
return true if the given node is a node .
run the program in the server .
helper to get a list of expressions that are on the other nodes .
expand a dictionary into a list of dictionaries .
run all of the tests in the unittest .
create a new instance .
test that the given test suite is not in the given test suite .
update the node from the page .
a docstring .
only load this module if the kernel module is installed on this minion .
creates a new message object from a http request object .
return matrix .
generate a generator of nodes of g .
insert data into the given data .
determine if the point is inside the loop list .
run the main application .
step with the product key .
get a list of zone names of zone .
returns file size as a string .
set the date of the date .
move the item .
return a value for use in the same way as the value in the same type .
get the output representation of a file object .
parse the command line for options .
return a string with leading whitespace .
return a random integer representing the number of n .
returns the private key for a private key .
add `` `` '' to the `` `` `` '' '' .
execute a single state run and return the data .
create a new block device .
ensure a rule is absent .
returns the value of a field for a block field .
check to make sure images works properly .
returns the html of the node of the node .
open a file in a directory .
get the complex path .
render an url into the page .
calculate the number of data in a dataset .
check whether there are any of the same .
compute the size of a image .
return a list of axes with elements in the specified axes .
fetches a zone .
returns a template object for the given template name .
return a tuple containing the first line in the given number of digits .
create an api key for the specified resource .
disable the named service .
runs a single command .
returns a list of labels for labels .
encode the given encoding as a unicode string .
set a certificate to be enabled in the course .
test if we are running in a single space .
test that the local flag contains `` local '' flag '' .
creates an instance of the api .
test x with a single value of x .
update the image metadata in the specified filename .
read tag from file and return as list .
return a query for the comment of a comment .
get complex from complex .
set the password for a given password .
the default page of page .
returns a list of urls with the current site .
creates a decorator for an object .
fix log .
module function to return the index version .
register a new project .
test for # ) .
select the specified file .
print a property for an object .
set the number of data in a set of data .
return a list of vms that are on the named vm .
write a file to a file .
given a valid region name .
find a file in the given filename .
mark the specified id as being the id .
serialize object to json .
encode a string to a binary representation .
print usage information .
get the hardware address on a node .
login with login form .
verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
return a list of property that are in the state name .
returns true if the given model is a valid model .
validate that the date is in the user .
creates the data for a file .
set the virtual module if the kernel is installed .
test that the given module is not none .
returns a string of the current process instance .
generate a new virtual machine file .
creates a new : class : class : .
this will store the current language information about the template context .
generate a new image file for each image in the image .
get the inset loops from the loop .
returns the average precision of the equation function at the x .
return a list of all the data for each node .
start the main application .
return the status for a service .
return the number of formats for the specified user .
convert json schema to json .
return a new public key object .
returns the release version .
rename a file .
serialize a stream to a stream .
call f with a function using the result of a function call .
plot plot of a plot .
return the representation of the given node .
return a list of the instances of the provided data .
returns a valid certificate request object .
test that the class is not set with no arguments passed to the function .
test installing from a local directory .
returns the row of a matrix .
registers a flag whose value can be a flag as a string .
extract data from file data .
print out a status message from a remote server .
return a list of all available services on this minion .
test that a folder is raised when a folder is created .
certificates controller .
output with scenario .
converts a list of tuples into a tuple of dicts .
save token from user .
load template settings template from django templates .
print a job status .
convert a header .
return the address of a address of a given address .
builds a user from the user agent .
remove a volume type from volume .
convert date to date .
build a list of arguments from a python distribution .
check that the process is running in a running process with the same name the same name is called EOS
extract a generator of numbers from a step of integers .
set a package .
update the named container .
get the specific id of a specific specific id .
return a dict of all of the nodes in the specified environment .
returns a new numpy array of a new image distribution .
set the request headers for a request object .
returns a set of edges that are in the given graph .
generate a new user .
get the image properties for image .
calculate the mean of the mean of data .
return a string representing the time zone offset in utc .
extract field from a field of fields .
remove any headers from a http request .
returns true if the release is a release version of the current release .
download data from a dataset .
convert a value to a byte string .
generate a new node object for the given node .
validate that the value of type of type is in s .
load data from json .
returns a dataset from a stream of yaml stream .
delete a resource type .
create a proxy for an interface which will run all of the interface .
converts a list of xml objects into a dict with a list of keys .
update a new entry in the database .
sync the modules from the salt : / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
iterate over all the data in a particular collection .
convert a value to a list of items .
return the current path in the current figure .
given a list of ip addresses from a list of ip addresses .
extract version from the api version .
entry point for the api / api / api / etc / etc / etc / / / / EOS
get a value from a key .
set up & run a new plugin .
ensure that the named cluster is absent name the name of the function is absent .
setup the demo component .
print usage information .
generate a new random number of bits .
connect to a remote user .
validate a value is not a valid string representation of a valid url .
return change over time for the requested metric .
returns a string for a project .
this function will return a date object as a date string .
creates the binary file with the current linux distribution .
setup the demo component .
make a sample .
load data from json .
convert a string to a number of characters .
given a value for a id .
compute ip of network ( s ) in a default .
return an attribute of an object .
reads a task from the specified line in the specified list .
if the environment variable is not valid .
stack stack stack stack stack when the stack .
find the first element in a set of items .
update the specified host or the specified host or instance .
convert a text value to an integer value .
add the given path to the file of a file descriptor .
build a yaml stream from a stream .
run all the tests in the server .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
calculates the mean of the mean of the mean of the distribution of the range .
decorator for functions that require only .
a decorator that asserts the decorated function is called after a test .
for a given file name .
a document generator that returns a document with the document .
convert a value in a form field to a native object .
parse a string according to the xml .
convert a file or directory path to a filesystem path relative url .
return a new graph with the edges that are the edges of the graph g .
return a list of all the directories on the system .
resolve an ipv4 address to an ipv4 address .
update usage information about a quota usage or raise if it does not exist or not exist .
generate a generator of nodes in g .
replaces space character ( ) with a random character ( ) with character ( ) with space ( ) EOS
format a number as an integer .
returns the version of the package installed packages .
start a service .
update api process with given json .
returns a file containing the contents of a file .
restful crud controller .
convert a config file to a yaml configuration file .
execute the master master and return the master master master master master master master master master master master master EOS
output tree for the test .
for functions that return an iterator .
returns true if the target is a target node .
returns true if the given ipv6 address is valid .
test hsl to rgb color function .
create a message with the specified message .
convert an object to a string .
get all of the auth info for a specific auth .
return the string representation of a node .
return a number of bytes from the number of n in bytes .
adds a course to a course with given course .
converts a value to an integer .
make a signed request of http requests .
get audio output device output device name .
save a list of keys .
quote an argument for use in a single command line .
returns a document .
enable / disable disable connection .
get all tensor of a given tensor .
returns a json representation of an instance of a request .
delete a collection .
get the current port number of available on the current host .
create a new database instance .
gets the http url for a given http request object .
only load if the virtual module is available in __salt__ .
check whether the current status has been set .
if the default plugin is not installed .
creates a client for working with cloud provider .
show a document .
returns whether the user has access to access to the specified course .
helper function to get a single parent of a node .
create a metadef property .
stop the running system .
compute the shortest path between all nodes of nodes .
decorate a function as a method as an instance of a decorator .
create a new property .
generate a password .
run a command and return its output as a dict .
return a tuple for a given p and integer value .
execute a task .
if the given arguments is not available .
create a group .
replace all of a single document with a given document .
main program for the user .
load the results from the file .
create a new figure with the specified data .
print a list of objects .
test for issue # 1 .
call a function with a single argument of a single argument .
builds the virtual disk virtual disk virtual disk usage disk usage disk config spec .
format a list of items as a list of column .
register language support with the manager .
api endpoint for all requests .
set user .
encode a header key .
send a user to a new user .
returns true if the current site has the current site .
map the function to be called from the map .
compute a list of nodes of all the nodes in the specified network .
return image object to use .
run a server .
return a query for all users that match a given user .
set the node in the node .
list the installed packages installed .
return a new node object for the given node of the function .
retrieves all qos specs for given qos specs .
convert a number of bytes into a number of integers .
signal handler for when a signal is created .
test that when we are running in a warning .
handle exceptions that are not be called when an error is called .
returns a list of courses to use for a particular course .
write a value to a request .
return the number of n items in k .
execute a remote repository on the local machine .
compute the product of a and b .
execute a single state .
raise an error with the given message .
compare two matrices .
check that the field is valid and of a valid field .
get the gcode text .
return the vms password .
clear out the remote remote data .
view for a list of documents .
delete a media .
return a list of the settings in the settings .
split the version of the version .
add a distribution for the distribution .
create a new cipher object .
compute the number of distance between two images in a single distribution .
test fit and sample routine with sample parameters .
skip a test if a database has been created .
check that an instance of an instance is valid .
creates a new instance of the specified instance .
test that the source of an existing variable is not installed .
return true if the object is a boolean array .
return the maximum of the value in the passed array .
return a string representation of an object with all `` .
build a request for authentication token .
check that the user exists and print out the requirements file .
creates the default settings in the settings .
get a list of valid notification by the given notification service .
return a dict of all of the package available on the minion .
creates a new app object .
remove the named file or directory .
returns a list of fields for a given model .
create a parser of options .
show a single repository .
creates and returns a new dataset with the given parameters .
returns an error status of an error .
validates the user defined in the app engine to the app engine server .
encode in utf-8 .
execute the minion .
run the `` harvest '' command with `` -- '' .
split a list into one with each character .
translate message message ( s ) .
compute the inverse of the matrix .
return a list of enabled services .
disable an interface .
convert a volume group to a volume group .
log a group of a group in a group .
start a service .
delete a queue .
returns an email address of an email address of an email address .
build a list of all the files that are on the root .
returns the url of the image location from the http request path .
find the largest elements in a tensor by a given number of matrices .
restful crud controller for the user .
formats the value as a string with the `` 1 '' .
pack an image into a host format for use in a given format .
only load if the postgres module is available in __salt__ .
update the local cache using the specified provider .
wait for a process to be used when an exception is running .
get the names of the names of the current python package .
return a list of users that are not in the given user .
get a date from the current node .
add word words .
create a new prefix for use in a given header .
add a repository to the repo .
returns the version of a string .
return a new graph that can be used to compute nodes of nodes .
returns a list of permission type for the specified resource .
parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce corresponding representation tree .
find a device in a given device .
converts a range of range into a range of range .
returns a tuple of of the images with the specified distribution parameters .
create a continuous random variable with a single text representation of a function .
returns a template template for a template .
removes a single list of tags from the given image name .
convert an ipv4 address in human readable format to a mac address in human readable format .
computes the mean of error .
interface to the remote git commit .
get complex from complex .
parameters y : int returns float of t : int .
convert rgb to rgb .
get info about all of available volume info .
return a list of nodes in the specified order of a specified dataset .
run the given command line with arguments .
create a new project .
return a list of the elements in the given list .
returns a list of tuples of the elements of a class .
parses a range header .
only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
helper to generate a valid config file for the current linux distribution .
return a datetime .
generate a generator of pairs of a matrix .
return the salt module version of the salt module .
check that a and b is a and b .
set the number of memory used in memory .
generate an image of an image .
returns all files in the given directory .
create a new block device mapping .
verifies that the given table is valid .
check if value is a string .
update request data in response .
get an instance of an object .
return true if the tool is installed .
helper function to convert an array of shape into a numpy array .
given a mapping of data source .
generate a random string .
convert a color image in the color space .
test with a single input .
compute nt zeros of the zeros of the z .
generate a new user .
return the path to the appropriate config file for a specific location in the given path .
get the filename of the filename in the filename of the file .
display a gcode file in a gcode file .
clear the iterable .
return a port of the current host or a port .
helper function to create an http client with the specified port .
validate a username / username / username / username / username / username / .
convert a raw data structure to a raw string .
return an iterator over all of a node .
add a token to the uri .
get the plugins that is available .
test mode .
returns a string with the given url .
usage : : true if obj is true .
returns a list of courses .
close the figure manager and close the current figure .
escape a string for use in a url .
creates a course .
simple wrapper for : class : meth : array_like .
get configuration of the configuration options from the configuration .
escape a string for use in a url .
parse the command line for options .
return the current python code as a string .
generate a new password file .
load the data and return a dataset class instance .
return a function that will run for each feature .
return a list of the size in the given path .
return time metric .
open a html page in a new web page .
returns a format string for display format .
get a list of all the current transaction .
extract date from date / time format in the given date .
recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively sort keys .
print a list of commands to stdout .
decorator for marking the decorated function as an exception .
returns true if the number matches the given number of number of lines .
create a new store .
install a python package from the given python interpreter .
export a course to a directory .
view for login .
restful crud controller .
initialize the module as appropriate for the current thread .
generate a list of data for each of the data .
the inverse of the function .
returns true if environment variable is a new environment .
change the group of a group .
return a string representation of a unicode string .
generate a cookie value from a cookie .
run the main application .
create a class with a base class .
compute the mean of the mean of the mean of the distribution .
creates a new virtual machine file .
print a warning message .
list all available vm images .
generate a valid string for the given language .
indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using the default value of the default .
import a python module given a string of the given module .
run a command with the given arguments and print its status of each state .
request the course info in a course .
plot of the axes of the axes with the x distribution .
get the gcode text .
split a list of lines into lines and data .
get a long integer from a string .
release a title .
check if the named container exists .
test that when user has changed .
returns a json representation of a file in the request .
calculate the number of year of a year .
returns a cookie object from a cookie .
initialise module .
update the usage of a given volume id .
check that the resource exists and is valid .
return a list of n of a polynomial .
creates a entity for an entity object .
return the number of targets from the file system .
query the package of a package or package .
returns true if the given unit is a unit .
process the xml element .
run : func : cmd .
convert a regular expression pattern to a regular expression .
returns a random number in bytes .
item view .
if the variable is from the input ( ) .
retrieves all keys from the given api .
return the attribute of an object as a string .
fake version of os .
get the inset loops from the loops .
truncate each of the expected results in a given series .
returns the mean of x * x * * .
return a length .
return a list of help data that are available .
raise an error if the connection is true .
stop a thread .
helper function for rotation matrix .
get a value from the key .
show a window window and write it to a window .
get mode of a mode that is in a mode mode mode .
generate a random dataset of size size .
find a function that contains a sequence of integers .
attach one of the packages .
make a color with color .
compute the inverse of the inverse of two images .
return the first argument in a function .
download an image from the image and write the image to the image .
convert a source line to a python source .
return a mapping of data that contains only the specified data .
returns true if and only if the edges is the edges for the given node .
clear the template cache for the given template module .
print a list of documents .
make sure that the user works correctly .
get equated vertexes .
build a url from the api url .
removes the string remove from the string .
returns the command for the command .
returns a pid of the pid of the process instance .
remove any `` x '' from `` x '' .
callback for when http is running .
return a list of the nodes in the specified module .
get the path to the build directory of this script .
load a class .
convert the region of the region of the region of the region of the region .
creates a new test object .
convert a value to a rgb value in a particular metric .
helper function for obj to convert an object .
show the details of an available queue cli example : .
import a new xml file .
match a string to match the specified path matches the specified key of the specified expression .
expected __doc__ .
return the variance of the data .
create a new tenant cli examples : .
sends a notification to the project .
view for requests .
returns a list of the elements of the list with elements of x .
convert a : class : class : dataframe .
compute the average precision between two points in the : class : y .
set up a map of each entry in a map .
convert a dictionary of keys into a dictionary .
returns the next integer error .
expect a tuple .
if we are running in a single task / 1 .
context manager to temporarily create a file object .
add user account to the auth info .
context manager to temporarily disable output .
checks if the input value is a string .
initialize the module as appropriate for : func : py : py : py : func : user .
create a new theano tensor of a given array .
the feature is a feature from a feature object .
convert an integer into a group name .
helper function to get / and return a new date / time .
a generator for a range of range .
return a list of all available services cli example : .
generate a set of keys of all of a set of all of the keys .
test for url .
replace special characters with `` / / / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
returns the function that returns true if the function is available .
return a list of tuples of all of the input .
creates a new figure with the input and returns the object .
parse a string argument .
return version as a git repository with version .
returns a list of tuples of all available vm images .
creates the table .
test the results of tests that have been run .
generate a random distribution of a distribution distribution .
returns the path to the language code of a language .
return a weighted graph with shortest path nodes in g .
compute the shape of a tensor .
load the dataset from the data specified in the dataset .
three number .
expression : integer expression | expression | expression | expression | expression | expression .
delete user from / delete / delete / delete / delete / delete / delete / * * * EOS
show the output of a test .
this is a test function that the current process is active .
search for an image from the latest version of the specified file .
read the contents of a file .
add a value to the given type .
print out the tree of a tree in the tree .
process a single status code and returns a dictionary with data : str the name of the process .
get the full url of the current image url .
run the given string command .
return the html tags to the given url .
set whether or not the specified host is running on a specific host or none if the container is EOS
create a new file descriptor from the filename in the filename .
return a list of all available vm cli example : .
returns true if the query has changed from the current database .
get the default cluster of a process instance .
get all volumes belonging to a project .
run the main application .
returns an instance of the given handler .
returns true if * * * is a valid product of * .
convert a package name in the package name of the python module to the python module name .
helper to get the location of a location in the location .
destroy the block device mapping .
returns the current date in the current thread .
check if we have been changed .
register a new package info in a database .
adds the current page to the context .
docstring for main function in the template context .
delete all image properties for a specified image .
returns a list of unique elements in a list .
read tag from file .
lists all available languages .
get new repository .
validate the configuration and return a configuration and return a configuration .
get names of all of the names of a given match .
fill the array with the given array .
run the main application .
return a new dtype instance for the given array of a type .
yield all values of a nested data .
returns true if the release is a release version of the current release .
setup the demo sensor .
start a server .
return if the entity is enabled .
write a new graph .
test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
check if the item in field is a field .
return a list of job ids .
return true if the given package is in the given directory .
filter out matching from a list of files .
computes the covariance matrix of a matrix .
decorator for setting all functions of a function .
group a sequence of group .
request to have course info for a course .
pattern .
build a request to the user data from the http request .
parse a dict of rules .
returns a unique identifier for a list of unique ids .
return a color with color by color .
recursively walk a file in a directory and all the files in the given path .
setup the demo sensor .
show all of a single command .
generate a tree of a tree object from a tree structure .
compile the environment .
compute the size of a block matrix .
return a link to the document .
load only on mac os .
calculates the mean of the given image .
strip whitespace from `` / `` / '' / `` / '' / `` / '' / `` / EOS
adds a new unit unit .
test for url .
save the load to the specified jid id .
returns a yaml file containing the contents of a file .
test for get index .
removes all the string `` .
compute the matrix exponential .
return a character representation of an object .
calculate the model of a model .
generate a list of documents from a list of documents .
check whether the value of an item in a field .
render the login form .
generate a random dataset of samples distribution .
return a string representation of an array .
compute the inverse of the inverse function of the inverse function .
updates a user with given user_id .
run command and return its output as a command .
read a value from the raw file .
run all the environment .
return the raw data that are the corresponding to the minion .
convert image to image format .
return a user id from a user .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a build process instance .
computes the linear regression distribution for a distribution of distribution of x * * * * .
start a start time .
test that a user can be set with a string .
return a string representation of a message .
update a resource provider .
remove all files in a directory .
given a location of scheme .
get a table names for the specified table .
retry the function of an instance of an instance of the target .
decorator for views that require user methods to access requests .
get api api endpoint for the given api and api name .
helper function to get a job id from a job instance .
export a value from a file system .
build an instance of the class from the object .
flatten a nested lists of tuples .
callback for callback .
update status of a document .
get the plugin plugins .
save the load to the specified jid id .
outputs the contents of a template tag .
set the virtual module if the kernel is installed .
decorator that wraps a function in a test case it is not being executed .
return a list of tuples representing the first of the specified integer .
returns a new copy of * * with * of * .
compute the linear regression .
return a list of target for a target variable .
return image properties from image properties table .
set the default zone .
resolve the model for the given model to the module .
find the server that match the given server .
direct_declarator : lparen .
return a list of all available services .
test installing from a package using pip install -- version .
returns a new stream for a new password .
disable the status of the current process .
convert a string to a valid string .
stop the specified instance .
rename a new file if it exists and is not set to new .
returns a status code .
creates an application object from the app .
parse an date / time string according to the date format .
parse the line .
validate an address string as an int .
decode text to unicode .
get a user from the datastore .
returns a set of all nodes of a directed graph .
convert an expression to an expression .
return a list of all available services .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a jenkins : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins : jenkins-wiki : EOS
calculate the average of an array of samples from the given distribution .
get the distance between the x and y values .
generate a new figure with the given width .
generator that yields lines from each of lines .
check if the specified proxy device is running .
generate a new private key .
helper to find an object in an event .
check that the application is configured with the application name is configured .
returns a new product of x .
returns a property value for a property of a property of the property of the property of the object EOS
creates a new figure with distance between two points and y .
setup the app to the app .
wrapper for : func : meth : i18n .
get current audio audio output device .
return a tuple of the current figure .
get the link .
compute the linear regression loss function for x .
convert a string to a python tuple .
print a list of all the commands .
convert a location or location in the form [ : ] .
convert an http character object to a unicode object .
returns a tuple of the course with the given course .
computes the binary loss of the loss function .
set up the main entry point .
get events from events .
get the text .
creates a filename for filename with the given name .
remove a host from a host .
return the path of the python build .
set up scenario for the test suite .
same as a * b .
test for file ( ) .
get equated paths .
run tests in tests .
return the partition with the specified device .
get the next item from the given file .
write a list of to a file .
convert value to float .
group view .
returns a dictionary of row from a row of row .
convert a polynomial in gf ( x ) [ x ] .
get text .
a task to run the test suite for each test .
returns the results of a results .
assert that the server is running .
yaml : jenkins-wiki this plugin allows you to the jenkins : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki .
extract the list of ipv6 addresses from a given host .
delete user email address and email address of a user .
admin view that returns the request context .
generate a file containing the target for each file in the target .
run the tests in the test suite .
test that a dataset is not running on a dataset instance .
get a node with the specified id .
add two lists .
return a list of the vms for a given image id .
returns a dictionary with the default values of the given arguments .
convert a password file object to a json string .
return the minimum of an array along the given axis .
mock json function to generate a new user object .
load a collection from file system .
returns a list of the keys in the given string .
get info about info about available .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
send an email with order email address .
escape text to use in html .
returns true if the variable is a float number .
change the name of the user in the group .
return the endpoint of the endpoint that is enabled .
creates the url for the current page context .
get the windows system name of the current python virtual environment .
list all of the keys in the specified table .
returns a dictionary of information about all of the api calls .
log a message with severity error on the root logger .
test to ensure that the package can be loaded from the package of a package .
get a list of tuples for all of the specified package .
register an uri with the given uri .
list all of the files in the provided table .
calculate the average of a matrix .
remove a user from a bucket .
render a form field from a form class .
return true if the object is a tuple .
create a new api server instance .
convert a list of tuples into a tuple .
update existing images with given user_id .
return a list of all available vm images on this minion .
creates a new theano tensor with the same type as the same type .
restful crud controller .
check for when we are in the same way .
return xml representation of a xml string .
split a pathname into `` / `` / '' / `` / `` / '' .
helper function to create a new figure manager .
return a string with all of the characters in the given string .
parse a time string in seconds since epoch .
redirect all requests to a new course .
returns a new payload object .
generate a set of lines of a file of type string .
escape a string for an xml document .
set up the main loop .
determine if a service is enabled .
returns a batch of batch of rows from the specified dataset .
create a temporary file with the given name in the given filename .
test that the plugin is not loaded .
set up to be run .
return : .
create a new instance of a vm .
remove all characters from * source * .
return a tuple of the current time in the stack trace .
install the twisted mainloop .
return true if the given path is a valid python package .
return only if all the modules are available .
convert array to rgb .
converts a string to an integer .
return a path to the user-specific data directory .
helper method to get / value from a request .
check if a given name is a valid group name .
returns a collection for a collection .
return a string representation of the current python .
remove a volume .
builder for rebulk object .
map a mapping of to a server .
compute the ratio of the kernel between the kernel and y .
returns a dictionary of all the active theme .
return information from osquery cli example : .
display a list of template .
returns the path to the lock id .
gets a list of template tags .
restful crud controller .
creates a new request object and returns a dictionary containing the result of values dictionary with information .
output string .
update a vm cli example : .
returns a list of all the test classes .
process the xml element .
wrap a function with a given argument .
generate an instance of a class .
ensure the service is enabled on boot .
return the path of the current python build .
input is the output of the input .
get a list of tuples representing the specified size .
get a user from the database via id .
delete a group .
return a list of settings that are set to a single server .
return a path to the binary representation of a file .
parse a string containing a type of type .
test mne inverse function .
checks whether user can edit permissions on given user .
returns a dataset with the given dataset .
calculate the average of the largest nodes of the distribution of n .
register a new user .
when given line number of bytes .
calculate the mean of the pixel matrix of the pixel matrix .
execute a single command with arguments .
filter out items in a list with a given attribute .
main entry point for the application .
fake version of os .
parse data from a file-like object .
add a uri to the uri .
set up list of users .
view for a view .
returns a request id .
builds the vm vm spec .
escape a url as an absolute url by its path .
return true if the given version is in the python interpreter .
api endpoint for a specific device .
setup the demo platform .
remove all spaces of a string .
if the date is in datetime .
convert a list of tags to a list of tags .
return a node for name .
sort the given list of tuples .
returns true if a function is running as a function of a process and is not running .
update an object or raise if it does not exist .
gcode text .
test installing from a package .
restful crud controller .
return a byte string .
return a list of all available directories on the system .
average / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
if the matrix is a matrix .
return a list of enabled services cli example : .
disable an instance .
returns a list of lists of supported by one or more `` .
only load if the libraries module is available .
copy a file of each line to the given width .
parse a range of data .
statement : id .
for a given plot .
test whether two images are the same .
test mne output with no arguments .
check whether there are no required for raw data .
if the input is in the input .
creates a new folder in the folder .
returns html for a topic .
convert a value to a python value .
return the value from the current process instance in the current file .
write a metric to a file .
get a service by host or raise if it does not exist .
create a client .
decorator for service methods .
checks if a user has permission to a permission .
add / * * * to * mask * .
return true if filename is a valid unicode file .
return the path to the package available on the given import string .
a decorator that wraps the service .
delete a specific item .
decorator for functions that require exceptions .
compute the mean of an array .
return a list of available windows paths on windows systems .
return a list of all comments for the given user .
set the group of a function in a thread .
return a tree for a tree .
if a variable is set to a valid url .
iterate over all modules in a given directory .
run a command and run the given arguments and return its output as a string .
displays text with title .
check if a string contains `` text '' characters .
return a list of the path components in the given directory .
generate a random string hash for a given size .
lists all the vlan to network device .
return a clip with a clip image .
run a command and run the command .
validate parameters for parameters .
add a tool plugin menu .
change the user in a group .
returns a new iterator over a single character .
set up the test .
process the xml element .
require the project .
release section 9 .
perform any global global setup .
draw a figure with image using the specified shape .
get all volumes belonging to a project .
strip leading / trailing whitespace from text .
returns json representation of a document .
a decorator that wraps the function in a particular function with the specified arguments .
convert text to a file of text .
returns the status of a service .
ensure that the named package is absent name the name of the device to remove .
test for issue # 1 .
fixture to start a test server .
return a generator of all available order of a particular order .
send a message to a vm .
run the main program in the main thread .
run the application with the given name and code .
check if the user has a method of a specific type .
request user email address as a user .
get a list of server configuration files for a specific user .
main entry point .
require running running tests .
remove a user from a group .
convert a function into a datetime object .
return a list of all available vm images on the system .
copy metadata from src to metadata .
returns a string representing a value from a python object .
decorator to require a session .
mock the function to run in the specified arguments .
check that the size of a given size in bytes of the specified size in bytes of the specified EOS
update or create extra specs .
return a tool shed tool shed tool shed to the tool shed .
write data to a filename .
add an option to a media .
set up / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc / / / / / EOS
setup the demo sensor .
convert a value to a list of type .
convert a file of bytes into a path string .
run a command and return its output as a shell command .
convert a list of options into a list of options string .
returns the last account representation of a list of account .
helper function for the x [ 1 ] .
creates a model instance for the given model .
build a target to the target for each node .
delete a file .
runs the function and returns a batch of batch of arguments .
return a new instance of a hash object .
returns a query string for all the current user .
print a list of files .
convert a float to float .
encode a cookie .
change the user for a named user cli example : .
returns a list of tuples for each of the provided domain .
test that the class can be used as a single class .
decorator for marking a function from arguments .
returns the unicode version of the current python module .
process a new one or a new one .
create a new figure out of a file .
run a command .
module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
delete the config object .
run the main script .
calculate the number of variables that are in a single input .
displays a form and form view .
get the current title .
open the given path to the package directory .
returns the module for a function that will be used to version .
apply a function into a dictionary of dictionaries .
get the md5 hash of a file in a given path .
formats a datetime instance to be used for use with the format .
a function that returns a single password if a specific password exists in a specific user .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
set the group to the group .
custom view for csrf view .
return a dictionary of keys that are in the keys of keys .
read a single line of a list .
a decorator that makes a function from the corresponding to the corresponding resource .
get a value of a host key .
parses a xml file and returns a dictionary of lines with xml .
compute the derivative of the graph .
replace all of a document with a given document .
set the parameter for a parameter .
resolve an object .
decode a dict of unicode strings of a dict of unicode strings .
get a complex with each component the minimum of a complex path .
convert size in bytes to human readable format .
get the complex polygon by the angle .
returns the user secret for the specified user .
return true if the given package is installed .
set proxy settings for proxy proxy settings .
returns a list of open file block device .
helper function to generate a list of strings for example : .
adds one or more elements of a single string .
get list of available packages .
return a polynomial of f with f .
decorator that checks the decorated function if all of a particular module is not found .
add a token to the request body of an api call to the body body .
convert a id into a form .
encode bson .
get security group by a group .
validate that the source is not a valid revision id .
get the current movie time .
test to ensure that the locale is set for the given locale .
read graph in graph .
generates a new project id for the current project .
decorator for methods which are not supported by calling the function .
convert a complex matrix to a specified matrix .
generate an array of an array .
parses a string representation of a file .
add method to class .
map all of a dataset to a specified dataset .
encode the given integer as a byte string .
download image from the image and download the image .
return true if the query is a query of a query .
view for views that require the view .
return the distance between the two images .
get config from the config object .
helper function for returning a set of expressions in the current process .
generate a new source file .
parse a line of lines and return a dict of `` data '' .
reverse the locale for the current locale .
remove a rule from a zone .
update an image object .
displays a page with all the user available on the page .
return a list of available services cli example : .
generate a new group of two groups .
helper method to create a new api call .
test to ensure that a resource is valid .
parses a number of lines from a string .
return an iterator over all traceback of a traceback object .
restful crud controller .
return a new random integer representation of a distribution .
set the * array * array * with the * set of * .
returns a cookie containing the cookie as a cookie value .
vertical vertical on an edge should be a vertical line .
stop a line .
format a file of lines of a file .
builds the filter spec for the filter spec .
returns a boolean of whether the value is the argument .
create a folder .
estimate distribution parameters x : array of shape of shape of shape : array .
if you need to be used by session .
imports and return a class instance with the given name .
encode a number of bytes into a string .
run the main loop .
handle event source space event .
patch the given file to the log file in the log .
parse a client or http client id of the client .
set the state of the current state .
find a server by id or id .
yield all of the lines of a source file .
returns a random string of a random string .
return true if the iterable is true .
get the name of an object .
calculate the number of images in a image .
return a list of unique elements from a dictionary .
create a dictionary from a xml file .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a build process .
start the login page .
return dataframe : dataframe : dataframe .
generator that yields lines from f in * * * .
create a new tree object from a tree .
parses a column column id and column names in a column .
return a new dict describing specific option name of the file name of the file name of the file EOS
return a pool to a pool cli example : .
return a text of the text .
post a post to a post .
import and return a list of available services that are not available .
returns true if the current page is enabled .
convert x .
test if the results is not installed .
get a value from the certificate .
plot the specified plot .
if user is logged in admin .
redirect to a given url .
generate a random string of length .
initialize logging .
return the contents of a file .
return the vms version .
returns a content in a form .
get a repository revision from the repository constructor .
method to generate a stream of length bytes from the stream .
generate a new dataset with the specified name of the file .
convert list of strings to a tuple .
decorator that checks if the test is available and is not available .
convert a file of characters from a resource to a table .
create a new project .
detects whether the file is on the target in the system .
remove html tags from a string .
change the password for a named user .
write a number of bytes into a file .
resolve the path to the parent directory of the parent directory of parent .
return a dictionary of information for a named package .
assert that the input value of a test .
return a new instance of a class instance .
convert a file of binary to a matplotlib plot .
api : accepts output .
load words from list .
call f with a function f with an optional arguments .
check that a feature exists and is a valid directory .
clean a thread .
run a function in a subprocess .
return the output of the given object .
action with a topic in a topic .
generate a new random string of a file .
return a polynomial of f in k [ x ] .
parse the response for a request .
return a list of directories to use .
return true if given file is a directory .
read data from a raw object .
test that when you can be set to a model .
format a number in a number .
return a new dict of all of the keys in a specific graph .
print a single space .
restful crud controller .
convert a character string to a native object .
statement : declaration_specifiers .
get the path to the metric .
generate a new figure to the specified data .
open a file in binary .
if the function module is not available .
return the size of a given type .
convert a text to a character .
get a temporary directory name .
set the size of a folder to a file in a folder .
returns true if the given object has a permission match .
helper to return a locale name for a locale locale .
returns a list of dictionaries of a given job id .
returns error message of error message .
returns a new instance of a model class .
convert a dict of data into a dict of key / value pairs .
show the output as a string .
start a vm .
creates a tree for each of the tree .
create a file object in the local path .
returns a list of ids of model objects .
api : accepts output .
decode encoded encoding .
search for all the query in the order of a search query .
set up a namespace .
set the current version .
get a module path to the module path .
get a list of all available vm .
create a template from a project .
return a polynomial f in k [ x ] .
import an object in an object .
update the parser of a matrix .
verify that a certificate has been created with a valid user id and is not found in a EOS EOS
verify a signature .
map - > value of a binary file object .
generate a new random number .
process a process that will run the process process process with the process .
return a list of project names in a project .
normalize a command and return a dict with output and output .
scale the points .
run a command and return its arguments .
cache instance from cache and return data structure .
fetch a project file for a given project .
setup the demo sensors .
get the path with the points .
compute the mean of the array .
validates that the given string is a valid string representation of a valid string .
find the image of an image using the specified image .
gets auth info from auth .
return a list of indices that have been modified in the range .
extract a single member of a member file from the specified path .
add a new image to the specified image .
return the first element of a function .
parse a string according to a date format .
returns a function that returns an interval of a function or function .
find an iterator over the block stack .
apply a function to a matrix .
get equated paths .
return a string representation of an array .
restful crud controller .
update the config in the current environment .
replace a new expression with a new expression with new one .
convert an array of into a mask of bytes from the corresponding to the corresponding representation .
test mne image .
return a list of elements that contains `` * '' that '' that are not in `` `` * EOS
start a new course id .
list all of the installed packages .
creates a template class for testing .
update the local path to the data directory .
helper for : func : py : py : type : type : : the name of the type EOS
evaluates the inverse quadrature ( n ) and the inverse function .
context manager to temporarily change the default language .
split a string into one of the tokens and return a tuple of strings .
create a continuous random variable with a continuous distribution .
create a new temporary directory .
raise an exception if the resource is not available .
return x .
return a new repository object with the specified name in the tool shed to be installed .
convert index to index .
list all available services .
generate a new dataset with the specified name and return the corresponding to the dataset class .
wrapper for inserting an interface into the prefix for the prefix .
get the vector3 vertexes from the output .
format a time string for use in format .
convert user id to a user id .
create a new bucket that will store the current request in the given s3 .
helper function to return the number of bits in the number of bits .
apply a plot of each row in the series .
update the current time zone .
create an elb .
wait for the specified port to become free .
show the value of a specific network interface .
generate a message with the specified length of a message .
replace - > string return a string with all of the string s with leading in s .
test reading http response with http / and / .
test if a url is not set to a particular instance .
convert integer to int or int .
only load if the postgres module is available .
line number of characters that are not in the line .
only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
calculate the function of a function of a function .
get the output of the process of the given file on the system .
create a list of files for all the extension in the given directory .
destroy the block device mapping .
return a list of security groups that are on the provider .
build a message of message messages .
make sure that a message is not installed with name / * * * .
return a string containing the package version as a string .
check if a module is valid .
declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers .
perform the state of the current process .
returns a list of lists of lists with order n .
return a query of all filter of a model that match the specified query .
create a file in the given filename .
return the degree of g .
set the default address .
set the size of an object .
encode a table to encode the specified length .
convert a frame .
apply the image to the image of a image .
decode a string encoded with the given character .
get a gcode linear move text .
join two or more pathname components .
returns a list of the product of a feature .
return a list of tuples for a particular type .
decorator that require an exception is not installed .
creates a new graph .
order a order by order by the order of a specific order by the order .
ensure a zone exists .
compute a matrix of a specified relative precision in a specified way .
returns a valid description of a valid region .
parse a command line argument string .
creates a new user .
validate size of size of size .
report a single task object as a string .
convert a rule to a rule for rules .
convert s to int .
convert x to a tuple .
compute the linear regression .
get the evaluated value of the default .
convert an id into a uuid .
creates a function that returns a dictionary of arguments from the arguments passed in the function specified by EOS EOS
get current context variables .
returns a json representation of an object .
test if an error is raised when the user is not available .
add actions to the action .
restful crud controller .
return a list of tuples of x .
test hsl to rgb color function .
creates a new instance of a new image .
apply a filter to a matrix .
update the certificate in the specified location .
flatten a tree into the result of nodes .
load a client from a file .
concatenate variables along the given axis .
check if x is a scalar .
check if a group exists .
returns a new wsgi environment .
return a list of user groups that the user is a user is a tuple of a course which EOS
returns true if given string is a valid ipv4 address of ipv6 address .
get the number of bits in a range of integers .
remove one or more packages .
helper function to generate a grid of size n .
returns true if the service is enabled .
creates a tree for a tree .
merge two files .
makes a simple plot .
setup the master node .
split a list of lines into lines and lines .
decorator for functions that are not available .
retrieve the number of seconds from the specified interval .
a generator that returns a dictionary of dictionaries of a set of values .
create a new revision .
return a dict of the named vm data for the specified path .
generate a new repository with the specified name .
find the maximum distance between two images .
build a list of directories for all the files in the package .
view that returns a list of courses with data for a given course .
retrieve the partition from the device .
load data from a file .
returns a model of the labels of the model .
returns a new document .
write a list of edges to a file .
return a list of all of the input .
return a list of unique paths of ip addresses .
build a new node from a file .
authentication authentication authentication .
converts a value to its value .
build a target dictionary from target .
returns true if the given region is a valid region .
report section 9 .
retrieve certificate from certificate .
save a collection item to a collection item .
print a directory .
plot the results of a plot .
returns true if the given string is a valid string .
direct_declarator : lparen id .
print a message to the log file .
write the cache to the local cache object .
disassociate a network from a host in a project .
set the size of an object to a file object .
list all users .
return number of log file of binary data .
take an ip string / int and return an object of the correct type .
find image by label .
get a list of config from a client .
determine if the loop is in the loop .
match command and return true if the command is not running .
add a user to a profile .
fixture to generate a test with a backend .
compute the matrix of a matrix .
reads a file .
convert from coordinates to coordinates .
return a template file containing the contents of a template file .
returns true if the page is a page of the page .
get a value from the current site theme .
list all of the files that have been run on the system .
get the repository constructor .
adds an api class to the given api .
compute the linear p * m * * m * .
return the length of an object as a tuple of items .
add `` list '' from an entry of `` list '' .
decorator that checks the user on a request object from a request object .
run the api and run the given service .
rest controller for options .
output a single log .
generate a random string of length .
create a new instance of the named service .
returns true if last last last last value is in a date .
convert a uri to a uri uri .
test mne inverse function for epochs .
get all child nodes of * .
start a python script in a given python environment .
check whether all keys are the same .
format a string to a byte string .
returns a dictionary of target .
test for issue # 1 .
get all of a particular template .
convert a version of os / etc / version .
group view for user .
set the default group .
return the url of the current site .
perform the app on the server .
returns true if the thread is running in the thread .
only load if the boto libraries exist .
return a new figure with the current time .
setup the demo sensors .
display the named service .
returns the current branch of a given file object .
returns results for a given directory .
list all of the packages .
list all available images .
update section 9 .
returns a form field for a db .
creates a new figure with the given rule .
return a boolean indicating whether the value is equal to the character in the string .
returns a cluster instance .
returns a figure manager instance for the figure .
return a polynomial of f in k [ x ] .
delete a item .
it can be a feature with a feature object .
convert an image object to an image object .
get the loops .
return a new environment .
return the url for a course id .
show test .
compute the linear regression distance between x and y .
get the number of x .
output the arguments to the specified by the arguments .
call the given event loop .
convert an image object to a pil image object .
register a function with a check of a check .
get a network object by name or id .
returns a list of installed packages that are installed .
generate a random string of a random string .
display the main dialog .
get the value of the configuration file in cache .
retrieve information about a certificate .
computes polynomial gcd of f in k [ x ] .
helper to write a file in a mode .
reset the cache of the current thread .
kbengine method .
convert a tree to a tree .
return a list of all available vm cli example : .
render the results for a given model .
convert a list of strings into a list of strings .
return true if path is a file .
create a new directory .
given a region name .
save a new block object into a new module .
fake version of os .
install the python interpreter with the given name .
entry point for the application application .
return a list of vms that are on the cloud provider .
check and see if a state is in use by a state .
yaml : string set of all of all of the current .
check for a file system path to a file in a specified directory .
helper to create a namespace .
test either if an error when there is a single class .
return a list of lines that have been imported into the source .
write the files to the filename .
set or disable device to use .
convert a polynomial index into a tuple .
return a new list of dictionaries that have been created with the same values in the given database EOS EOS
push a value to the current thread .
copy an image to a file .
return a slice of expr if n is a square root .
return disk size of disk image size in bytes .
strip the given message from the user from the given string .
initialize the module as appropriate for the current configuration .
compute the power of n * n * n * n * n * n * n * n EOS
convert an object into an iterable .
generate a random group of tokens with tokens .
converts a numpy array into a numpy array .
update the users config page .
returns true if number is prime .
return the name of a process instance .
convert string to unicode .
update an image key with the specified key .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
generate text of text .
returns a secret key for secret .
add labels to the labels .
return a list of available vm images on the provider .
load certificate from a certificate .
create a new group from a group .
returns a clip with the clip clip .
if the plugin is in the plugins .
convert a value to decimal .
returns true if the given path is a copy of a copy of a file .
returns the first element of the first element of the first word .
load image of data .
return true if two 2 1 .
generate a json api version .
run a single command .
format a comment for display .
remove an item from a field .
assert that the first and of the first element is true .
if a function is not installed .
test for url .
gcode linear move file .
return the code in the current file .
split and return a list of pairs of pairs of pairs .
format a locale field for use in a locale .
move to the first line of the first character in the current line .
calculate the mean of an array along an axis of x .
generator that yields lines of each row in the series .
execute a command as a string .
return the first n items of an iterable .
return true if obj is a tuple of objects .
generate list of events for all of a list of events .
returns a new block device name .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a jenkins : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki .
return a function that returns an iterator of a function representing a * * * * .
expr : expr .
convert a uri to a uri uri .
compute size of image data from file .
enable / disable page .
normalize an expression module to a python module .
converts a query string to a dictionary of parameters .
render a new request .
retrieve all permissions for a user .
convert an object into a date value in the date format .
read data from a key .
escape html characters in html .
helper for : func : func : t .
returns true if the response is a http response .
returns a list of tuples of the form field of a particular type .
set the number of times the function used in a thread .
generate an array of pairs of an array of values .
return a list of the match matching the match .
parse a configuration file and return a dict of data .
truncate by replacing the first value in the first character of the first .
add the x intersection path to the loops .
main entry point for the main function .
return a dict of all of the values of the given dict .
for a given function .
converts a name in the `` name '' image to its `` `` '' .
return true if * header * is a : class : 1 .
create a table .
list all the ip available .
unregister a named path exists .
generates a new random integer .
returns a function that returns an interval of a function or a function representing an interval .
count the number of bits in a tensor .
return a new image object .
get a value from a string representation of a value .
check if a user exists .
parse the results from an image server .
find image in the specified image .
returns a string of the given list of strings .
create a class object that is used to run the given namespace .
return a matrix with distance between 0 and 1 .
test that : class : client instance is the root of the client instance .
test for issue # # # .
check and see if the role role .
format a number of bytes .
return a tensor with dtype .
write the output of the page .
convert a value to a unicode object .
get the gcode text .
convert a datetime to a datetime object .
return status of current .
set up the correct class for all the correct classes .
generate a image from image of image coordinates .
return n random integer n .
wrapper for inserting an integer into a feature .
return the path to the configuration file for the specified path specified .
return a dict of information about all of a volume .
convert a task object to a json string .
returns a json response for a secret key .
setup the demo test .
return a html page .
compute the inverse of the inverse function .
test the main application .
validate a path .
validates that the value is a valid integer or a string .
parse a raw value of a raw key .
load configuration from file .
returns a tuple of the form field from the given table .
find shortest paths from source to target .
remove all headers from a headers .
pack a field into a file .
start a child node .
parameters name : name of parameter names .
formats a list of commands to show a list .
only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
returns the shape of an array .
parses the code of a code .
run all the app engine to the main app engine .
returns a new ipv6 address associated with provided ip address .
loads the response from the response as a python object .
return a matrix that is the distance between two points in the line .
return n items of n .
compute the linear regression .
register the function to be called when the command line is called .
returns the root directory for the current site .
check if a file is in the given directory .
test installing from a wheel .
check if the python version is installed .
convert a value in a string to a native representation .
view that is a token in a view .
generate a new app id from the request .
close the connection and close the connection .
generate a random dataset with random variables .
initialize the root logger .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
generate a generator of nodes of nodes .
clean up url .
print out a report of messages .
pick info about each of info .
return a list of all app models that are available .
load plugins in all the plugins in the specified plugins .
retrieve a list of all available vm cli example : .
return a new version of the provider object .
import a python module .
check if all items are correctly .
return the environment for the current environment .
send a process to a jid .
get the distribution of the distribution .
return a diff of two strings .
add to vm .
print : print .
ensure that the policy exists and is absent .
ensure that the named database exists .
test to ensure that a command works as expected .
remove a value from the named vm .
gets the certificate for a given certificate .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
returns a list of strings from a single string .
print tree .
test that the class can be used when using a class object .
test either if an error is raised when x is not binary type .
converts a string to a valid string .
computes the average of a vector of x .
return a list of n items in a range [ 0 .
returns true if the url is in the current url .
return a message name of the error in the given message .
raise an error if the current version of a given version is available .
returns a string of `` text '' or `` `` '' '' .
check if the current figure is in the index .
only load if the os exists on the os / etc / etc / / / / / / EOS
return a list of paths to directories on the directories that match the given path .
returns a tree with the given tree .
get a base class that contains the base base class .
read raw data .
returns a string representation of a document .
yield values of an iterator over each item .
return a list of files for each item in the list of files .
handler for qute : url .
return a namespace name based on its name .
creates a new plot .
install an application root as an instance of the root root root .
returns a string containing the value of a single string .
apply all of the results in a graph .
compile the given source code .
return a list of the keys in the match .
returns a dictionary of all the files in the cluster .
generate a random password from a password .
write a table as a fixed width table with no line .
release version information about all of the version .
convert an expression to an expression .
update generator generator for all of the generator generator in the list .
return a function that will be called with the given module as the name of the given module .
formats a value as a field of field .
checks whether the result is of a boolean value .
if the argument is in the default command line .
compute the linear regression loss function for x .
convert a tuple to a tuple .
returns true if the given sequence is a sequence of strings .
return a list of the data that are on the provider .
require several packages to be installed .
settings and save the current settings in the current settings .
test plotting of dataset .
creates volume type .
parse a rule into a rule .
check if a value is a valid element .
check whether the status of a status status .
sort the given list of items by their sorted .
get a container container id container id container name container id container name container id * * * * EOS
returns true if the given id is in use .
return the argument of the argument in s .
set up a package .
return a fresh instance of the hash object .
return a list of length .
returns the number of the first element of the number of digits .
adds a new property for a property of a class .
run the main loop .
creates a tree for each of a tree .
flatten - > iterator .
get a list of users that are in the user .
delete a tenant cli examples : .
returns the number of bytes from the current cursor .
return a key for a key .
create new new database .
thread the current thread .
reset a package .
delete a cache directory .
computes the mean of the mean of x .
get instance id of an instance .
add a tool to the tool of a tool shed to the tool .
converts a dictionary to a dict .
converts an image array to a numpy array .
retry calling the function using a call with a function call .
get the next next available next character .
check that all of a match the two matches the same result as one .
return a new : class : .
decorator for action .
return a byte string from an exception file .
read a value from the first item in a dictionary .
test for # # 1 .
get an index template for an instance .
get a resource type .
a helper function that called the user from the course .
creates a model class .
initialize logging logger for the logger .
update a project with the given project and store the current process .
converts a uri to a uri .
tests whether the error message was not set .
search for text files .
loads a key from a datastore .
returns a formatted string of a datetime instance .
return a new line number of the current line number .
sends a message on a specific response .
get all volume summary .
parses an object and returns a datetime .
computes the linear regression .
helper function for creating a single root of an image .
decorator that checks whether a function is not in a valid python list .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
log a message with the current log message .
show a single line of an image .
process the xml element .
helper for creating a message from a message .
returns a list of the api call to the specified service .
run command and return output as a shell command .
compute the mean of the tensor of the specified distribution .
encode a number in integer .
update a qos to tenant .
convert a value of the input to a tensor .
group add a new group .
view to show a list of documents .
set the value of a key .
move a file or directory to a node .
generate a list of dictionaries from a key .
export the profile of the profile from the settings .
checks if the cache file is in cache .
return size of size .
calculate the average of a distribution of a distribution of n .
cache the output of a cache file .
check if an object is an object .
set new document .
get the local dictionary .
test installing from a package with links .
disassociate all volume types .
build a description from a description of tool shed .
start the application .
returns a list of sample ids for each sample .
returns a message message message message on the user and user and password .
lists all available services cli example : .
return the number of file .
format a human readable representation of bytes .
converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
read a range of bytes from a file .
find a file in a directory .
remove a rule from a specific set of rules .
loads all of a network .
convert a group id group id to a group id .
returns a result of results for a results of results .
delete a group .
converts a string to unicode .
handle the command line parameters .
restful crud controller .
converts an aware datetime to a timezone object .
raise an error .
compute the average decomposition of a matrix .
delete a task .
return a random integer x * * * .
return the path of the script in the environment .
helper function to generate a user id as a course id .
convert x / x / coordinates to plot .
read a float .
run all of the api in the given task .
check that all of the arguments are valid .
return true if the given image has been set in the given module .
create a new figure out of the options .
adds the headers to the response with a key .
render a template to the context .
delete a device cli example : .
return the first configured instance .
helper function to generate a course .
generate a project id from a project .
only load this module if the minion module is available .
get a repository from a repository .
escapes a string for use in a url .
set the namespace .
get a device mapping .
run the results in a specific results .
get a user object from the credentials object .
makes a function from a request .
adds the response to the response to the response .
yaml : jenkins-wiki a jenkins plugin requires the jenkins : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki EOS
load data from a filename .
set metadata .
returns the model for the given user model .
join two or more strings .
returns a new exception instance from a given exception object .
create a new volume instance .
test line with a single line .
set the number of images to a folder .
test either if an error is raised with wrong decimal value for either if an object is raised with EOS
create a new block cipher .
get instance id of an instance .
create a new figure with a set of properties .
get the method name of the method in the method .
patch the current environment .
replace special characters with a comment .
check if a user has a password password .
convert an html document into a string of html tags .
sends an exception handler for the current request .
parse the contents of a file .
decorator for the module to the package available .
print a string with the same number of characters in the form [ x ] .
get data from the network device .
parse a query string .
open a resource from the resource in the resource .
returns the groups of a group of integer groups from a group of group .
convert a string to a native object .
validate a password password .
create a new prefix with the given prefix .
returns the endpoint of the api endpoint .
return a dict with all of the specified plugin .
decorator that require the current image in a particular function .
get a resource class .
convert a tree into a dictionary of tags .
parses the code of a code .
returns a new message object .
send request to a request .
compute the coefficient of the series expansion of the series expansion of the series p .
compute nt zeros of the zeros of the zeros of the zeros .
return a version of the specified key .
load a specific plugin object .
return a dictionary of information about all of the information about available on the current server in the current EOS
delete a security group .
test for when redirect .
get a value from the key .
return a list of valid images .
read the contents of a process with the given id .
get info info from info .
remove a folder .
assert that a and b is not b .
convert a filename to a filename .
convert a value to a native string .
read an integer .
converts a value to a string representation .
stop the server .
return the path to the config file that is used when using the path to the config file .
compute the inverse of the matrix .
display a rgb .
formats a date as the time zone .
converts an xml element .
return a list of all job ids .
generate a test source file for the target .
generate a unique id for a release .
format parameters to the parameters .
returns the number of the value or the value .
setup the program to use with temporary files .
restful crud controller for options .
return a set of all nodes in g .
gets a group of groups from a group .
return a new option instance for the given option value .
returns a list of plugins for the specified plugins .
create a new project .
convert value to integer .
create a model from a model and run a model .
test for numpy .
if we can run a task with a new one .
generate a header for a given color .
validate the options of a custom resource class .
returns a list of the connection keys in the given connection .
add a handler to the application .
run the proxy proxy for the specified proxy device .
parses a set of flags .
validates that the arguments are not in a particular argument .
generate a random string of a random number of bytes .
raises an exception if the type is not type .
returns a new instance of the current instance .
return the default remote branch .
return a string containing the items of a dictionary with all of each other .
ensure that the default security group exists in the target .
setup logging .
return a string with unicode keys and values of a unicode string .
return a string with all the leading whitespace in the given string .
set the value in a single format .
return a image object to the image in the image .
get the vector3 from the xml element .
quote a url .
get a namespace .
given a valid config .
setting value to a setting .
returns a model instance .
call the function * func * with a function * .
return the current context of the given image .
create a connection to the device .
return a query of filter that match the given query .
parse a config file .
remove a device name from a device name or device name .
test the initialisation of the object .
escapes a value for use in a url .
returns a random integer number of random color from the input .
run all the results in a given model .
get a connection to the connection .
returns a new document of data from given document .
handler for static content .
decorator to mark a function as deprecated .
return true if the vm is running .
run a script in a given script .
this will store the template information about the context for each variable .
update the path to the root directory .
create a new : class : .
step that returns true / false on the distribution of the distribution .
generate a server instance for a server .
encode a field to a file-like object .
return a matrix of rows of matrices .
compute the linear f ( x ) * * * * x * .
check files for a given file type .
return a dict containing the keys of the values of a key object .
fix attributes from an attribute of an attribute .
test that groups correctly .
add a new handlers to a list of handlers .
this is the command line from the command line .
generate a new graph .
test if a file is not binary .
get a list of available vm instances .
get a template variable from the template context .
call the response function for the response .
return a list of all available regions of the given distribution .
returns a dictionary of field names to a field .
returns the mean of the elements of an iterable .
generate a dataset of points in a dataset of points .
check that all of a request has been enabled .
convert a http headers of an http headers .
build a list of modules from a file .
returns true if the given integer id is a valid integer group .
returns a backend .
convert integer to a time string .
create a file in a directory .
return a single container name container name the path to the container parent default : / / / / EOS
returns true if * * is * is not a string .
check if http status code is running .
return the path to the native line type of a specific file .
return the latest version of the package available on the package available on the package version .
return a string with all of the current python objects in the given string .
extract a folder from a file .
update or update tag of tag .
show a message with text message .
if the given path is in the directory .
translate an error into an exception object .
get security group by a security group .
check for when we are in the same .
parse a configuration file and return a dictionary of values .
generator that returns a list of tuples of the first kind of each other in the given region .
apply the matrix mat to each element of the matrix mat .
remove a group type access for a group .
returns a string of length size in the given string .
compute the inverse of the vector of the values of the matrix .
start the logging level .
return a list of valid directory containing the current process id .
get a value from the output directory .
disable the signal handler for the signal .
test for # 1 .
returns the path of the current environment .
handle a process with action form for requests .
return a decorator that can be used as a decorator .
returns a html html that is not be used in html .
return true if the given html document contains a `` `` '' '' .
view for a new post form .
writes the contents of a file to a config file .
run the given test suite .
build html tags for a method of text .
wait for a server to run .
run a timeout in a timeout .
compute a set of data from a specified query .
return a list of disk usage in the given file .
given a course_id and post .
return a list of groups for the specified cache cli example : salt myminion pagerduty .
create a new virtual machine .
handle a single app .
decorator that adds the specified policy to the specified module .
ensure that the named container is absent name the name of the container name of the container to remove EOS
returns a list of users .
send a message to a remote server .
return a column of text .
returns the message of the message .
write a fif file .
retrieve a grid from a grid .
return a list of tuples .
builds an event for a notification service .
update user profile .
item view .
lock a lock lock lock lock lock by lock ( ) .
returns a sample of given samples .
test that a model is raised when the target is not specified .
returns polynomial gcd of f in k [ x ] .
rename a new device .
set the host instance for a given host type .
test if an instance of the sample is valid .
get a timeout for an instance of an object .
return true if the object is a generator object .
create a root of root root with the root of root .
returns a date object containing the current date and date .
returns a new request object with a new request object .
load data from the language .
verify a password hash for the user .
gcode linear move file .
shutdown the connection to the socket .
get all instances belonging to a instance .
validates that the labels are in a labels .
convert the state of a container name or id to the state key : / / / / / EOS
test installing from a wheel .
add tags to an instance .
set the number of messages in an object .
test if the graph is set .
formats a location for the specified location .
returns true if given string is a valid valid valid valid ipv4 or not .
helper function to generate a new figure out of a specific integer .
get the http response for an api request .
compute the product of two product of two sequences .
create a new wsgi application instance .
build a list of properties for a node .
adds a new message with the data for each request to the given data .
convert rgb to rgb .
show a box of an existing one line number of tags .
show the details from the image .
load the dataset and returns a dataset class instance .
return a html link in the html page .
helper function for creating the arguments from the wsgi application .
print a warning message if the stdout is not available .
return image with the specified number of images .
run hook hook in the hook .
determine if the current process is in the current file type .
show the details of an existing cluster .
test that the command works with no errors .
returns a tuple of the current port on the given port .
delete the target to the method .
remove whitespace from a line .
returns the parent of the parent of the parent .
return x .
append custom filters to the filters .
returns dataset of dataset as a dataset .
returns an error message of the error code and error in a given error .
usage : lx [ lx ] .
computes the distance between two 1-d arrays .
convert a datetime object to a datetime object .
run command with arguments and return its output as a dict with arguments .
convert a raw file of headers into a list of dictionaries .
get a value for a specific type .
only load if boto libraries exist .
redirect user to login / login / login / .
find the elements of f in a sequence of tuples .
tests that the creation of a file extension is created with a new project .
generate a new uuid from the specified uuid .
attach a json column to each object of the queryset .
add a line number for a buffer .
creates a cache path .
render a table to a table .
run the application on the app .
create a new master config .
computes the average precision of two numbers .
test that a file with a new environment is run with a new one .
check if a database exists .
print a list of all available languages in the given figure .
get package info .
given a sequence of integers .
generate a new image file .
returns a response that will be used as a response .
return a list of disk devices for each device .
test fit and sample routine with sample .
start a process .
return true if there is a particular file for this minion .
compare two strings .
return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
set the time in a set of values .
test that the login token can be run when an api is called .
convert a key to a key object .
format a jid .
call a function with an action .
compare two sets of integers .
decode a bson value from a string .
extract the images into a dataset .
return a dict of all of the config values in the specified config .
client api client credentials from the credentials .
return a list of users that are in the current system .
return a db database connection .
get the evaluated value .
get a value from the db .
returns a new random string with start with start and end .
read the environment and return the path to the root directory .
a temporary folder .
loads the given arguments and returns a dictionary of arguments .
return true if encoding is a encoding .
test if an error is available .
adds a new test to the default instance .
search for a package name .
check if a string is valid html tags .
setup database .
this is a decorator that is not a valid user id .
load the template from the template file .
destroy a quota or raise if it does not exist .
setup the app .
generator that returns a list of directories that are not in the top of the files .
returns true if the given object is a test .
convert a value to a native string .
helper for djangos reverse in an event .
returns a list of shape with shape and shape of shape .
parse the response for a url .
check if the repository exists in the repository .
get the number of available regions for a repository .
update the course with the given course .
determine if the object is one of the object .
convert user name to a user id .
returns the version number of installed versions for the current version .
run the default command on a file or directory .
log event .
ensure that the directory of path exists .
return the default node .
convert a number into a tuple .
loads all the directories in the given path .
load data from the dataset .
parse the command line options .
ensure that the cluster cluster cluster is absent .
creates an expression from an expression .
convert a value of fields to a dict .
test creating chart data source from source .
get the hardware address of a file .
test for x .
generate a new random string of a single distribution .
start a domain instance for the specified domain name cli example : .
set the host backend .
make sure that the dataset works as expected .
test reading and state .
return a function that can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
get the release date and return a dict of all of the files in the package .
open a new virtual machine .
get a specific id or raise if it does not exist .
convert a value from a node into an integer .
returns the url for a specific user .
get path with paths .
parse a query given as a string argument .
if date is in the date of a date .
get the matrix product of a matrix .
return a list of available vm images on the cloud provider .
get the number of active config from the specified zone .
create and return a new instance of a file .
set up the app for the app module .
test whether a given path is a valid python code .
return a list of all available images .
makes an array from * * * .
group items by index .
return the length of the given string .
return user information from the named user cli example : .
compare two images .
return the number of n in the sequence .
returns a list of fields for a given field .
generate a new figure with the specified name of the data .
if value is none .
return line number of comments and trailing of the given string .
render the current process in the current thread .
return the value of the named vm .
restart the named service cli example : .
step of a random expression with a random number of points in a single step .
when given a single value is not set .
check if user has access on role .
get the hardware address on windows using the command line .
converts value to a string representation of a value .
decode a bson string to a datetime object .
check if the address of a range of a given ip address is .
add a zone to a zone .
compute the average precision of a vector .
send packets at layer 2 layer 2 - > none .
check for all of the files in the file .
returns a dictionary of results of two files .
connect to a socket object .
convert a key to a key .
parse a query given as a string argument .
returns an image of the clip at the specified time .
check if the service is running on the system .
parse a file .
returns true / false boolean depending on if boto is installed and false if boto is installed .
decode a string encoded string .
render a template .
returns a list of page where the user has changed .
if item is a list of a item item in the item list .
a function to connect to a bigip device and password cli example : .
convert the region of the region of the region of the region of the region .
return array with respect to rgb .
calculates the size of the input array and returns a tuple of values .
returns a string representation of an integer representation of the given string .
generate a generator that yields the length of length n .
check if a service is enabled on boot cli example : .
return a revision revision for a repository .
set the course to the course .
return size for a given size .
change the home directory of the user .
fix any of the node of an empty node .
takes a list of tasks and returns a task object .
get method info from a method or method name .
helper function for creating a single existing object .
test that unicode output from unicode values are not found in the same way .
kbengine method .
get a random node from the current node .
return the sum of the distribution .
update an existing profile .
get a host with host from a given host .
returns true if function is called in function .
convert a number of seconds into a specific type .
compute the matrix decomposition .
checks for valid characters in header .
return a dictionary of information from a command line .
return a dict with keys of a dict of a dict of keys of a dict of a byte EOS
runs the command with the given arguments .
update an existing group .
get a token from the user status .
compare two files .
return data from the given file cache .
returns whether the user has access to the given course .
show details about a monitor .
delete a folder from a folder .
test that the status code is running .
returns true if filename is in the directories of directories on the specified path .
runs a command and returns its output as a string .
return true if the given path exists on the minion cli example : .
get a value from the given name in the field .
converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
restful crud controller .
render the data in the form .
parse an xml string or string into a yaml object .
split a string into words using `` `` `` '' '' .
determine if a stream is a stream .
calculates the mean of the error of the error .
request object to render an action on a request .
convert an ipv4 address string to an address .
only load if boto is available .
disable the named service to start at boot cli example : .
return a string that contains the html tags in the current html string .
compute the average decomposition of a matrix .
compute the inverse of the input ( ) .
gets the path to the directory that is in .
json request object to json .
compute the linear regression .
convert a dictionary of target into a list of target .
register a test suite for a test suite .
determine if the point is inside the x segment .
calculate the score of a given distribution of data .
return a list of user objects that the user has been created .
remove the `` / `` / '' / `` / '' / `` / '' / `` / `` EOS
given a list of template names .
return a list of all users that are on the given user .
returns a number of bytes from the bytes .
convert text to text .
a function to run the process .
returns true if obj is a tuple .
return a new time object with the current time in seconds since the epoch .
return metadata of a file object .
test to ensure float is float .
add a token to the token .
returns a string representation of a function .
returns a list of the sorted list of the given word .
return n items in a sequence .
return a list of files that have been modified .
converts a string to a unicode string .
remove a package from the package .
format a single file in a format .
fetch a list of tuples and return a dict with all of the contents of the files .
returns random integer number of random integer n from a random string .
process the xml element .
test whether string is true .
create a test suite .
filters out the settings from a list of settings .
return a list of all text strings .
create a metadef property .
ensure a user exists .
parses a number of lines .
stop a service .
block device mapping mapping to block device mapping .
get the vector3 vertexes from the xml element .
convert a number of objects into a dict of type number of objects .
execute a command .
extract the size of a block matrix .
patch a patch object .
convert an address string representation of an address in human readable form .
call the function of a single variable and return a list of x .
update the users account cli example : .
delete all of the files in the given file .
returns a document if the document id exists .
get all of the services that are running on this minion .
get the id of a instance .
returns a model of model instances .
cast an object to the default value .
create a continuous random variable with a continuous distribution .
returns a course with permission for the given course .
returns true if * value * is a float float value * is not * .
get the first match of an item from an xml .
returns a list of all color names from the given module .
returns a date string for the current date format .
returns an iterator over the specified file in the specified way .
recursively delete all the contents of a given file in a directory .
escape text in unicode strings .
get equation for z .
create a node .
set up local config for the current user .
only load if the postgres module is available in __salt__ .
return a list of html tags .
get tags for tags .
view for a node .
generate a batch of size size from a batch of size .
returns a list of indices .
check that an application is installed .
returns the expr representation of an expression .
calculate and calculates the average of a single distribution of a function .
delete a group .
decorator that adds headers to the response with the response .
return a list of paths to which are on the node of nodes .
return a list of image with each image in the range .
enable the current transaction .
calculate the median of the input array .
returns a dictionary of courses for the given course id .
computes the inverse of a .
returns true if the given url is valid for the current language .
make sure that the user is enabled .
status response for a response .
get the current event loop .
returns a list of course objects that are not enabled .
return the object to use .
get the intersection index for a list .
set the status of a particular task which will fail the summary is to the summary of the status of
clean out the old state .
validate that a port is valid .
for a single line in the output .
return a list of open file names in f .
create a file-like object for the specified url to the provided data .
checks for valid image of data .
main entry point for the main application .
test events for events .
converts a string to unicode .
get a list of dataset .
create a new distribution for a distribution .
returns a string of the value .
get all volumes .
get the filename of the filename in the given directory .
execute a service via salt on the minion cli example : .
attach a json column to each object of the queryset .
creates a new project .
generate a new file containing the source files for each of the file .
api : accepts output .
load data from a file .
returns a dictionary of fields for a particular instance .
return a string containing the prefix of an instance of a given string .
enable the named service .
get all of a given template .
return color names from color space in color space .
user is a list of admin user .
convert labels into a list of labels .
return the path to the user-specific cache directory .
count the number of file in a file .
read data from a file .
construct a target with the appropriate size of a target .
compute the mean of the mean of * x * .
return the mean of the vector along the given axis .
search for search and return a dict with a search key .
save / update a file in path .
a helper for defining a single options .
display a gcode file in a gcode file .
step response of a system .
test if the results of a function is available .
create a new request object with the specified name and data .
parse a json file containing a single test data structure .
test that roles are not roles as defined in role .
check that all of a source of a valid image matches the specified .
calculate the average of the average of the distribution of the distribution .
make a matrix from a sparse matrix of matrices .
fake version of os .
get the obj as a string .
returns a string representation of a number of bytes .
get the local local local directory .
converts a string to unicode .
creates a new email .
stream events from a stream .
split a string into its component parts .
show the current figure with an image .
join url with path like / / / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
step that step is not set .
returns a password hash for the given user .
converts a tuple of strings into a tuple .
context manager to temporarily create a temporary directory .
asserts the line of output contains a line of text .
check that the given expression match the given expression match .
parses user id from a string .
return the sum of n .
generate a new name .
get the text of the file .
register an input object to the input stream .
creates a new image instance for the specified distribution .
add the text of a gcode file .
delete all image tags for a vm .
start a l { deferred } instance with l { l { l } } } .
return the exception of the given exception .
tests if the instance of the class instance is the same .
attach a json representation of each object of the queryset .
yaml : string a file object .
delete a zone .
api : accepts output .
wait until the page has been changed .
install the local node .
rest controller .
formats a date as the time value according to the current date .
delete a test .
create a new cipher object .
waits for an instance of an instance .
returns a list of all the ids of all the specified ids .
render a file with the given url .
create a backup file in the specified path .
get the directory path .
helper function to start a value from a specified interval .
test that when keys are not created .
get new repository .
a decorator that checks if a user is logged in a view .
a task to the user is enabled in the process .
convert an absolute path to a file in url .
returns the data from a stream of a url .
scale with a scale function that is the x .
convert a value to an integer .
return the platform string representation of the current python source .
get the plugins directory path .
convert a value in integer to a native value .
destroy the image and destroy the vm .
test when a file is run .
render the info in the system .
open a file in a directory .
validate the username .
extract a unique id from a file .
unpack the data into the given data .
compute the maximum coefficient of f and g .
check to see if a file exists .
write a line to a file .
return a list of versions that are available .
return a list of available services that are on the current user .
returns the current environment variable .
convert base string to int .
print out the data from the cache of a particular module .
run a shell command in a shell .
get a view from a database or raise an exception .
scan the device mapping from the device .
creates an array of shape and shape of shape .
item : integer .
resolve a user .
a simple view that returns a list of items .
return x * * * * with * x * .
get a value from a container name .
decorator that runs a function as a thread and runs it in a thread .
retrieve the certificate from the certificate request .
register a new block device .
return true if the given expression is none .
return a list of all available vm .
query to get a resource .
delete an event .
create a continuous random variable with a continuous distribution .
read the contents of a file in * * * .
return event to a dictionary .
remove the directory that is available for the specified directory .
upload a file to a directory .
enable / disable / disable / disable / disable / disable / disable / disable / disable / disable EOS
get the text of the gcode text .
helper to get a single request of a particular request .
create a network cli example : .
return a list of all locale strings for the specified python package .
get a secret key from the secret .
count the number of bits in a string .
convert a datetime object to an epoch .
if the password is valid .
get security group information .
return a list of host on the host system cli example : .
add arguments to a command line argument parser .
expression : lparen expression rparen .
group ( x ) - > integer n from the integer n .
convert a list of items into a tuple .
remove a service from a zone .
detach request section 9 .
create a node and run a node .
check whether the given database exists .
get raw data from the raw file .
create a volume group .
run a git commit id in a repository .
test whether a resource is enabled .
get a logger for the current thread .
convert json object to json format .
test either if an error is raised when the ratio to fit is raised .
determine if the complex is in the polygon .
format a node name in a node .
test for issue # % url .
render html tags .
register a new dict mapping .
copy a file from a directory to a new one .
adds a parameter for a parameter .
returns a tuple of the size of the file .
verify if an object is raised when the class is not type .
returns whether the user has a particular content or not .
create a list of pattern strings .
runs the tests in the session .
check that the request has been updated with no longer than the user has been created .
convert a matrix of a vector of matrices with zeros of a matrix of matrices .
return a matrix of x by a random matrix .
get the link text of an element .
create a quota usage usage usage usage usage usage .
load an object from its path .
element-wise power function .
download setuptools .
return a list of the configured cloud storage file for the given site .
mask the average mask of a vector of points in a vector .
generate a grid of points in chunks of shape .
creates a new tensor with the same shape as the shape of the shape .
computes the exponential tensor .
if a comment .
return a new color .
returns a tuple of the first space .
show the state of the given vm .
test fit and data with different data .
only load if the minion module is available .
get the vector3 path from the vector3 path .
validate and return a value for option of type filename .
return a tree of tree ids .
compute polynomial gcd of f in k [ x ] .
get a list of all available vm .
get a list of ip addresses of an ip address .
set the number of times for each line in the configuration .
return a datetime object representing the number of seconds in a timedelta .
ensure that all of the package available package is installed .
validate labels of labels .
set and retrieve response .
return the full data from the minion .
if the config file is set to the users link .
open a file in a database .
delete a security group .
add the loops .
check that sparse matrices are equal .
execute the user from the command with the return of the server .
return a date object for the current date .
list all available packages .
adds a new options that are not already present in the options .
return a string with all of the characters in text .
returns the current process object .
split the resource path into the resource path .
transform n random variables .
wrapper for inserting bytes into bytes .
returns true if binary is a binary binary type of binary type .
create a new bucket and client instance of the client .
assert that the given class contains * * * * .
match the match for a match in the match .
test to ensure that the api call are on the api call .
compute the maximum variance of a matrix .
returns the first node of the first node .
truncate by date .
returns a new request object .
initialize the module as appropriate for the appropriate target .
create a new block widget .
get the elementnode with the specified elements .
compute the images of a two images .
test that the package available on the target is installed .
get new repository .
returns whether the course has been set in the course .
make a call with a single cluster of a set of values .
parse the response for a response .
return the matrix of each row in the series .
check if all of an object is available .
test that we can be used as a function .
returns true if the node is in the given node .
returns all of the elements in the given list .
return number of bits in a string .
print a list of nodes by the first n that match the given distribution .
list all available package available on this system cli example : .
return a list of available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
print the message to the log .
return a list of option names .
context manager to temporarily run in a test .
return true if the given encoding is a valid python source .
update the feature .
toggle data register bit .
return a list of tuples for each of the list of of tuples .
block the current * until * is ready to read from the file .
test user with a single of all of a single source .
returns the sample of the sample from the given distribution of the given distribution .
create command line options .
create a new socket object .
convert a value in bytes to a human-readable string .
setup the demo sensor .
set the given status of a particular request .
setup the demo sensor .
returns a function that returns a new role for the given role .
return an object corresponding to a given object .
process the xml element .
count the number of array in a array .
run the main program .
return a new figure manager instance for the given image type .
if the graph is valid .
read a buffer file and return a tuple .
test that the output module is not installed .
restful crud controller .
call f with arguments .
return a list of all of the vms that are on the provider .
set the cookie to the user .
get stats from stats .
returns the script prefix for the current thread .
order - > order order order order from order .
test installing a wheel using the `` -- `` -- '' directory '' .
view page .
adds a course with enrollment mode for the given course .
return a line number in the file in the form of the file .
extract the test from an array of arrays .
convert a file of bytes into a dict .
create a http object from the http http http http http object .
the length of a feature that is a feature of length .
ensure that the named container exists .
return a list of valid strings .
convert sequence of integers into one .
clean out local .
determine if the line is inside the text .
tests whether a file has been modified on a feature .
compare two version .
return if we are running in a windows system .
run a single service via an interface cli example : .
multiply a polynomial in k [ x ] .
return the distance between two strings .
show a new user .
check if a attribute is available .
set the system date .
get the value of a key .
test for when .
assert that the expected and returns true if the expected value of the expected .
helper function to create a new set of modules .
return data structure of the given path .
parse a string argument .
returns a new theano model class .
return a matrix with the given shape .
cache the output of a function in a particular task .
return true if filename contains `` extension '' as a list of `` `` '' '' .
compute the md5 hash of a key .
return x * x * if * is * .
return x : none if x is none .
return a list of available services cli example : .
set the precision .
send email to email address .
attach section 9 .
return the number of users that are in the given dataset .
kbengine method .
convert a time string to seconds .
return the locale for the specified locale .
returns a string of the length 1 .
get a valid python module name .
test for issue # 1 .
return random number of random values in the graph .
group view .
get the complex polygon .
generate an api client for an api request .
return true if the plugin plugin is available .
list all ip addresses .
check if an instance exists .
get the attribute of an object .
run tests from the tests in the test suite .
return items that are items in the items of a list .
generate a random string of length .
returns a tuple of the current host .
project name / project / project / project .
return the distance between a and b .
generate a new shape of shape with shape and shape .
restful crud controller .
parse an http header into a dict .
if any of the info exists in the info dict is set .
decorator to mark functions as deprecated .
skip a test .
decorator to make a method call to a method call .
parse an xml document into a string .
process the xml file .
creates an xml tree from a string .
returns a list of valid ids of file names that are not found in mapping .
get the text of the first element of the first text .
declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers .
execute a single server .
run the signal handler on the current thread and exit .
return a list of valid directories on the system .
get response for when request is called .
retrieve all the users course info in a course .
helper to get the resource from the resource .
decode encoded text .
set up the sensor .
returns the key for the given object .
compile query query string .
convert an http header in a datetime object .
compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random matrix-vector multiplication .
strip leading whitespace from string .
list all available services .
convert an absolute path to an absolute path .
convert an object to a unicode object .
convert an absolute path to a native path .
return a temporary directory containing the list of unique temporary file names .
scan the log of a file in the given filename .
test that a pool can be run .
set the http http http http header .
execute a single url .
update existing images if it exists .
evaluate a function f ( x ) ) for a variable .
get new repository .
returns a dictionary of keys from a dictionary of values .
collect all the files in the specified directory .
return true if the given string is a character character character .
returns a matrix of two random variables .
run the command .
run a command line number of seconds since the current process .
decorator for functions that require several values of a function .
return a list of paths to the parent directory .
generator that yields all possible paths matching from the path .
show a message with the current message .
display a list of all users .
initialize the module as appropriate for the correct site .
creates the path for the current file .
returns a string representing the date of a date in the current time .
if date is enabled .
a decorator for creating a local config object .
list all of the packages .
convert a file of bytes into a single class .
find a file in a directory .
returns a mapping file of data from mapping file .
plot the data from the file of a binary file .
update the database cli example : .
fake version of the current thread .
log a message with the root logger .
returns a tuple of the ip address of the given string .
execute a vm on a local machine on a local machine .
gcode text .
return a function that returns a new tuple of a function with a given name .
serialize a device to a device .
set up raw data .
return the correct address of a given file object .
check that all of the required files are available .
convert hex string to hex format .
create a new .
display a response with a given request .
makes a application app .
guess the filename of the test file .
handle event parameters .
get the configuration of the device .
return a random graph .
only load if boto is available .
parameter : string .
single view page .
migrate all the versions that have been set to the target .
returns a tuple of `` a '' header from a response '' response .
apply a rule to each of a rule in the rule .
return a hash for a file .
returns a generator of all tags of a text string .
check that the distance between two strings of * * .
returns a list of tuples that have been set with all of the specified entity .
start the server with the client .
creates a new entry in the database .
if the given context is set to the target in the context .
return a new private key pair .
unary_expression : declaration_specifiers .
render a page .
truncate by replacing the first .
convert a value into a string representation of a python object .
if the input is in a context .
returns an iterator over the object specified by the object .
get a value or raise if it does not exist .
test that when a config file is set to a directory of data set .
convert a dictionary of dictionaries into a dictionary .
return a generator of all of * .
calculate the median of the data .
main entry point for the application .
set the virtual module if the kernel is installed .
set up test suite for all classes of cls .
returns a boolean of whether the value is true .
compute the sum of x .
return a list of paths to the named file .
remove an image from the specified image .
generator to output a list of tokens from a list of tokens .
input is the next character of a character object .
returns a string with the content of a text file .
call the function * func * with the arguments * .
if the item is in a grid of a .
format a string for human readable format .
parses a string argument .
parse the command line for a command line .
create a entry point for the specified entry .
get the split line and split the line .
convert text to html html tags .
render a new request to a given object .
yaml : execute a job .
return a list of all available vm images on the root of the root package .
return a new version of the given path to the supplied file .
process the target .
plot the images in the specified by the specified number of images .
generate a filename for a file .
decorator for tests .
loads a file from the given path and exception information .
delete a dataset of lines from the file of the file object .
gets all virtual interface for instance .
get the inset loops .
return a datetime object for the current time zone .
test raw files .
setup the demo sensor .
decorator for cache with arguments .
returns a document for a given locale settings .
copy the file at the specified path to the container parent directory .
returns a list of lists of lists of lists of lists .
start the current process .
return a polynomial of f in k [ x ] .
convert a row of row into a list of row .
register a group group .
get a timestamp from the current date in the current time .
convert a template variable to a dictionary .
return a datetime object as a string .
return a list of vms that are on the provider .
create a new volume type .
ensure that the named service is absent .
return a filename to the dir containing the named filename in the directory .
return a new copy of * x * .
test that the dataset is raised when x is not a set of integers .
get a list of resources from a project .
yield items from the given item in the given document .
encode the given payload .
convert a value of the last element of a list of tuples .
decorator that wraps a function in a decorator that will run in a test .
check file is a valid file .
test chart rendering with no data .
get the text of a file .
log a log message with the log log ( s ) with the log ( s ) ) and EOS
get the carving for the file .
write a list of fields for a file .
create a new block device .
raise an error if the error message is not found in the given string .
return a tree of a tree of a tree with the given tree .
only load if the windows module is available .
reads a line number of lines and returns a tuple of lines .
enable logging on a logger .
returns a dictionary of courses a single course with enrollment .
get a floating ip from a floating ip by address .
default view for handling requests .
find the indices in the same array .
update an instance of an instance .
convert text to html characters .
decorator that calls the function in a method call to a function .
helper function to format host interface for interface to interface .
read a grid matrix .
print out all of the variables .
ensure that the named group is absent name the name of the device to remove .
compute the linear regression distance between two points in x .
profile of a user .
return the modules .
check if a document exists .
checks if command is available .
parameter : string .
setup the logger .
validate the name of the bucket name .
takes a list of tuples and returns a tuple containing the values for each key .
the feature is running in the feature .
get the inset loops .
generate an rsa key for a given path .
return a new instance of a function that can be used as a decorator .
test for issue # 1 .
wait for a file of files to be used in a thread .
write a sequence of objects into the string representation of an object .
returns a new instance of the class .
compute the input images for a tensor of images .
check if the token in the token is set .
return a sequence of items from a sequence of environment .
read a file from the cache file .
set the test case of the test .
list the files that belong to a package .
validate that the provided cluster type is valid .
return a connection to the connection pool if the minion is available .
list of available volume group .
a simple wrapper for the current process .
return a list of tuples for each item in the list .
run the command .
returns a slice of items from a sequence of items .
update the metadata for a given table .
run the command .
run a single command .
copy lines from a stream of source to a stream .
returns a status of a task .
handle a process handle and handle it into a handle .
get a value from the current process instance .
delete a role .
insert data into the database .
return size .
generate a new block device file .
return class instance of `` class '' .
helper function for creating a string with a key .
a context manager to temporarily create a temporary file of a signal .
link a file into the link .
format a image object to a specific image .
returns a function that will be used in a variable .
return the url of the current site .
return a filename to the filename in the filename in the filename in the filename in the filename EOS EOS
handle source space from start .
return a list of all file names in a given directory .
convert an image file to disk .
return version from version .
group controller - used by the group - used by the group - restful crud controller - restful crud EOS
return a list of all available vm images on the system .
create a new group of a specific type .
update data from the api .
estimate distribution parameters x : array of shape of distribution of distribution parameters x : array .
returns a manager instance for the given manager instance .
system information for all files in the specified directory .
find a set of files that match the given criteria .
commit the current transaction .
get the inset loops from the loop .
return a list of all the directories on the environment .
action with action to action with given action .
return true if datetime is a valid iso 8601 .
convert unicode to unicode if it is unicode .
detects the file in the file located in the file name .
get the complex polygon .
yield all sequences of a sequence of fasta and fasta sequences .
return the encoding of the string s in the given string s .
return true if the given string is a valid ipv4 address .
return true if path is in the directory .
create a new port on the server .
test to make sure that the html file is valid .
compute the linear p .
return a list of tuples .
build a time zone format .
test installing a package with -- version .
validates that the user is not in the key exists .
return true if range is a range of a range .
find the first element of a matrix .
parse the command line arguments and return the command line arguments .
execute a single command and return a new one .
return a list of all models that are on the given model .
get the inset loops from a loop .
setup the demo sensor .
test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
returns an instance of an instance of an instance .
set the virtual kernel module if the kernel is installed .
list all of the packages that are installed .
return a numpy array of the array of the specified array .
creates a new : class : class : request object .
calls the function from the function / function / function / wrapper of an instance of a function .
returns a string of an element of the given string .
parse arguments .
encode a string using the encoding of a encoding of the given encoding .
delete a table .
get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist .
sample from random data .
if necessary .
test that we can be used as expected .
add the settings to the settings .
returns a session id .
returns the path to the current site directory .
run the given options .
start the specified service cli example : .
compute a matrix .
start the client api .
rgb to rgb color space conversion .
return line number of line of text .
helper function to get an auth token from the auth token .
make a new repository with the specified name .
count the number of lines in a file .
verifies that the user is valid for the request .
recursively resolve a nested dictionary into a nested dictionary .
test user with email address of email address .
helper function to run a single key .
plot plot function of a plot plot .
escape a string in an xml string .
returns a json dataset from a given request path .
returns an instance of : class : request object from the request registry .
generate a new list of strings .
remove the output of the string .
test for when running a single python source .
converts a pattern in the pattern to a regular expression pattern .
test version of os .
get flavor extra specs .
returns a list of nodes of node nodes of a tree node .
returns true if the image is snapshot in the snapshot .
test for # 1 .
service delete .
logs the user in the session .
returns the number of bits in x .
get the repository constructor .
wait for the specified number to return .
helper function for the x intersection of a given matrix .
retrieve all the courses a user has been created .
loads a yaml file and returns a dictionary of all the values .
write a gcode file .
return a group object .
send a message to a password .
send email to a user .
generate a hash of the given string .
creates an archive of a script in the given filename .
return the size of an integer n in g .
set the number of memory in memory .
return true if all class have been imported from * .
format a string representation of a zone .
creates a function that returns a new clip and returns a dictionary of a function .
return a dictionary with version information .
formats a date as the time format in the format .
sort the given layer .
restful crud controller .
create a database .
return a function that is used as a decorator that is not a decorator .
returns true if text is a valid ipv4 address of text .
return image of the image .
sends an email to the user .
generator function for all of a bucket files .
read and write a fif file .
get the line of the word word .
run python shell command from the python interpreter .
convert a dictionary to a dict .
return image mode .
wrap a function to be called with arguments .
creates a new block stack .
compute the nth derivative of n * n * n * n * n * n * n * EOS
return a list of sql statements for all sql statements in the specified table .
get the filename of the file in the directory .
run the images in the given image .
callback for getting an object in a request object .
returns a queue object .
given a function of arguments .
get new derivation .
decorator for methods which will not be used with a function and an exception of a class .
returns a new image instance for the image type .
set up & run a new figure .
helper function for creating a set of points in a set of points .
step 2 : a step .
delete a user from an existing profile .
compute the distance between two 1-d arrays .
ensure that a user is present .
delete a image .
the inverse of the rows of the rows of the rows of the rows of the group of the EOS
update the jid .
make a map of methods of methods of each class with specified in each class .
a helper for defining options .
sets the filter for each state .
create a new block tag object from the default .
calculate the average for each element of a list of paths .
returns results of results of a results .
run a command and return its output as a command .
expression for a expression in a expression .
get a flavor or raise if it does not exist .
statement : integer | newline .
wait until the given error is raised .
creates a new user .
delete a tag or raise if it does not exist .
returns a list of words in the given word .
send an email .
parse an xml file .
gets the number of device id for a given device id .
run a command and return its output as a string .
creates a class instance of the class with the class specified by * class * .
return all of all files in the given root .
return a list of valid images .
parse the command line options .
set up a package .
validate status section 9 .
ensure that the package version of the package is installed .
run a test .
list all of the files in a given path .
return a list of available vm cli example : .
register a class with an instance of an instance of all instances of an object .
return true if the variable is a function or method .
context manager to temporarily create a temporary directory .
check if user exists .
get all available regions for a tenant .
test either if an error is raised when x is not a single class .
get security group by a security group .
initialize the module as appropriate for sys .
set the value of an object in the global namespace .
call a service .
return the exception traceback with the given exception .
create a new test case .
return a job id .
upload a file to a user .
decode encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded character EOS
get a cache configuration object for the configuration specified name and configuration .
convert a value in a string to a native representation .
generate a new certificate file .
load the modules .
return a list of n that are not in k .
register a new url .
get a type string representation of an object .
get lists of lists .
sends a message to the email address of a message .
get a datetime .
returns a user username from the default username .
extract a tree from a file of tree .
return a line containing the contents of a line .
list all of the users .
only load if the boto libraries exist .
create a new database instance using the database .
loads a class from a string .
default view .
show all of an image files in the database .
creates a disk image .
plot the x and y .
decorator that adds the current thread to the server .
creates a new list with the form class for the current block device .
return fields for a field .
make a list of key / value pairs of a key .
set the request handler for the request .
check that all cluster cluster cluster cluster has been changed .
if the type of a type is in .
update a dict with new values in k [ 1 ] .
decorator for methods that checks that the method is not in a method of a class .
split a string into n .
delete a virtual interface or raise if it does not exist .
setup the config file for the config file .
return a dictionary of the string of a file .
set the host backend for an instance of the backend .
ensure that all of a running process with one or more than one .
returns a wsgi application for the given application .
split a pathname into two strings .
ensure that we can compile functions with a single space .
parse data from json .
sort a list of items .
adds the response to the response to the response .
returns a function that computes the sum of f and weights .
return a list of available vms cli example : .
parse a headers of header into a list of headers .
get all volumes .
validates that the given uri is valid .
makes a theano vector from a sequence of of values .
get matrix from scale .
convert a point to a package object .
convert an exception into an exception .
return a generator of tuples of a generator .
returns a status object from the current status of a service instance .
convert a hex string to hex encoding .
ensure that each row in ids is in ids .
solves the equation .
show a single line number of an instance of an argument .
returns a group id .
test if a package is installed .
generator to generate batch from a batch .
set all plugins in the plugins .
return polynomial gcd of f in k [ x ] .
delete a file .
import a python object from a file in the given filename .
check that all of the methods are valid .
returns true if * obj * is a strings .
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
return array with * array * .
make sure the named character is not available .
update the package index .
setup logging .
ensure that `` / '' / '' / / / / / / / / / .
check whether the specified package exists on the system .
show the details from the image .
test the script script .
return version as a git repository .
returns whether the user has access to the course .
return true if source is a target .
return a list of available vm cli example : .
list the available regions .
print out the first argument of a stream .
returns a copy of a user from a username / password .
update a new organization .
display the database .
install the latest folder on the filesystem .
send notification with a new event .
skip test if an exception is raised when the type is not binary type .
get the inset loop from the loop .
return a response for an http response .
if a function is not in a valid string .
update the specified tree with the specified name .
if any string not in the range [ 0 .
if user has group or permissions .
download the data from the filename in the filename folder .
write a list of options to a file in a particular list of options .
display a new block device .
dump an image to a file .
test that when we can be used as a class .
helper to get / create a new http requests .
context manager to temporarily execute an exception on a given path .
returns a tuple of [ 0 .
decorator that require user access to access a role .
returns the region for a region code .
restart the named service .
check if a password matches the given username .
get dataset .
set state to be used in state .
remove any email queue from queue .
remove all of the login from the user .
return the default configuration .
get a list of resources from resource .
only for windows .
returns a class instance that is a class instance of the class .
split a list of pairs into one of the header part of the form .
run a new task id in the log .
convert a topic resource to the native object .
format an exception with the given message and exception information .
copy a file .
transform a method into a python object .
return a string representing the current time in bytes .
returns a list of tags .
convert a sequence of tuples to a list of tuples .
convert ip string to int .
compare two instances .
convert user id to uid .
get vector3 paths by paths .
normalize a parameter name from a tuple .
decode a datetime object as a string .
return a new dict with the current thread id .
check if the image exists in the given image .
convert time in seconds since epoch .
select a file from a list of instances .
return the hash of a given hash .
render a response to a given request .
get an object for an object .
set the figure .
returns the first item of a key .
return a sequence of items in a sequence of sequence .
initialise module .
perform an ipv6 address .
remove any `` `` '' '' from `` `` '' '' '' .
read data from file .
evaluate f ( x ) f ( x ) [ x ] .
write a table as a table of line .
generate an environment variable .
decorator for functions that require functions to be loaded .
a decorator that adds http header of a response to the response .
compute the coefficient of the two images .
returns true if the admin context in admin context .
create a continuous random variable with a continuous distribution .
register the plugin .
convert an ip address to an ip address .
add the * x * to the * of * .
restful crud controller for options .
add a port to a port .
returns a dictionary of a course dictionary of the course .
check whether the given path exists .
list unique elements .
create a new resource type .
test that the events are not installed .
only load if all the modules are available .
parses a string schema to a string .
context manager to temporarily replace variables with a variable .
fixture to create a topic .
setup the application to be run in the app engine .
convert an object to an object representation .
make sure that `` expressions '' are valid .
make a grid of images with a specified width .
search for a query .
test that the environment variable is not installed .
dumps the http response to the http response .
return the representation of a vector .
return a new product of values for a given dataset .
render the modules for the minion .
if the input variable is the same or ( x ) .
get a value of a key from a pair .
create a new instance of : class : class : client .
update the minion cache cli example : .
helper to create a new permission .
return a directory containing the contents of a given file containing the specified location .
return a dict of all of the vm vm on the machine .
warn if dependencies arent met .
send a message to a topic .
get user information from the auth .
decorator to mark a method as an exception .
creates a new : class : class : lx .
clean up the module .
sends an email with message to the specified message .
remove a snapshot .
method to convert any method calls to a method call .
insert a new line into a list .
truncates a string to a given number of characters .
return the first job id for the specified jid id .
handler for qute : class : html .
return a graph .
load if the configuration module is available in __salt__ .
returns true if two strings are equal .
convert an object to an object or object .
generate a random matrix of n .
execute a command and return a dict of arguments and output the arguments .
test for issue # 1 .
return the default value for an object .
return number of cpus in the system .
get the polygon of a polygon of a polygon .
check that the user exists in a request has the given url of an existing .
set up the configuration for the configuration .
format line in the line .
run the script in the given script .
update the policy in the given document .
returns true if given stream is valid stream .
horizontal edge should be a horizontal line .
test that the column names of the table works .
save all site .
extract a list of documents from a list of files .
map map of file objects to map map .
add a test suite for a test .
returns a wsgi app engine from the app engine app .
generate a generator that yields a sequence of length n .
write file in the given filename .
decorator that checks the user has access to the course .
parse volume info from volume .
return the locale from the locale .
convert an integer to a binary representation .
return a slice of array with the same shape as the same .
item view .
register a new image object .
return a user name .
adds a new user .
calculate the number of images for an image .
calculate the average of a power .
returns file system information from the given file path .
load configuration from configuration .
get the index of the current index in the index .
converts a snapshot to a snapshot .
return true if two urls are the same .
compute the maximum mean of * x * * .
convert a url to a absolute path .
send a message to a file in a json response .
return a path to a disk image .
calculate and return a list of output with respect to the given value of each .
convert an image cell row and column to a cell row .
return true if the given path is in the given directory .
return image as a figure .
returns the application id of the app or the given app id .
creates a new model instance for a model .
sort an iterable .
pattern .
makes a tree .
return an iterator over an object .
return the absolute path of the current file .
convert an object to a native object .
return a new user .
returns a new product of the given expression with the given expression .
calculate the score with the given loss .
ensure a named vm is absent .
clear out all users .
test that a file object can be run with one of the feature .
creates a text string .
returns the maximum of the graph .
computes the mean of x * x * x * .
return the argument for the argument in the argument .
install the latest version of a given project .
check if we are available on the version .
creates a new file with the given path in the given path .
ensure ip address is enabled in / etc / ip / .
returns a tuple of the number of numbers .
build a stack trace from the stack of the stack of the stack .
merge two dictionaries .
helper for the input ( ) .
return true if the value is a group of text .
return the path as a tuple .
escape a string to a valid quoted .
convert the client api / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
start the server .
dump all objects in a given object .
get a path to a command line path .
patch the patch of a test request .
set the value of a user .
remove a tag from a tag .
download a file from the result to the specified location .
get the variance matrix for a given distribution of x parameters x : array_like .
transform z with z .
if the value is not none .
returns a cache key for the request cache .
get a method from a method of the method .
return a random string of length 1 .
return a polynomial f in k [ x ] .
set the mode for a file .
makes a stream from stream .
convert time in seconds to epoch format .
generates a key for the specified key .
remove all files for a given file type .
select the elements of the array .
execute a single command and return the output as json .
convert a port to a port number .
parse options and parse the options .
return true if g is a g .
convert a xml string into a regular expression pattern .
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
get a specific url by id .
get the current active mode .
returns a password encoded password value .
set the element node by the element .
update the course .
verify a signature .
extract the array from arrays of arrays .
return the log of the log file .
test that a table is raised when a table is set of data is not found .
list all of available devices .
convert images to images .
retrieve enrollment data for a course .
load the template tag set in the django template .
return user information from a users username .
get the current mac address time cli example : .
delete the given namespace .
execute a single location in the given source .
run migrations in the subprocess .
tests that the creation of an object is raised when the input is of a valid format .
indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using the default value of a specific key .
enable or disable the current page .
create a new block device object .
fetches information of a specific port cli example : .
validate that the parameters of params are valid for api call .
fixture to set the test directory .
render a task .
return true if the object is a generator object .
set the host backend .
find a image by name or id .
test whether a path exists .
returns a list of sql statements for all the db tables .
add faces from the loops .
process the xml .
verify that a condition is true .
get the evaluated float .
test whether a pool is not a valid image .
close the connection to the connection .
initialize the module as appropriate for the appropriate metric .
find a port number in a cluster instance .
merge two dictionaries into one or more dictionaries .
return the number of float .
returns the port number of port from the target string .
get valid str from utf-8 str or unicode string .
remove a package .
read a raw file .
translate the given data to the log for the given distance matrix .
decorator that will run the function in a thread .
view for a user .
compute the checksum of a message with the given key .
check if a package is installed .
test that the text matches one of the input .
test that the given exception is not found .
decorate a method as a method in a request .
image data from the local file .
generate a password for a given password .
run the main program .
expected __doc__ .
skip a test if a database has been created .
called by the servicetester in order to test service api call .
makes a function that returns an array of values of an array of arguments .
print list of available languages .
return a color matrix that contains * color * color * .
clears a line to the console .
check if a given version has no than or not .
convert a binary string into a python object .
returns a url for the given url .
get the inset loops .
stop a vm .
check if a cluster cluster cluster cluster .
compute the sum of the matrix .
print a message and exit .
return a list of all of the values in the given dataset .
return the group of a group reference .
returns true if the given exception is a valid exception .
ensure a service is enabled .
get all security groups .
convert a value in a range of values .
return an iterator object for a function object .
validates the given file path to the configuration file for the specified .
returns a table object to a images table .
generate a new shape of a tensor of shape .
returns the request header of a requests .
group view .
returns json representation of project .
update the configuration options in the config file to the master config .
transform the exception for the image .
returns a resource class .
list all of the nodes .
set the global variable in the global variable .
if the given object is a valid python object .
find an instance of the element with the specified name .
decorator for methods .
update a user .
encode a single argument of bytes .
creates a new request object .
returns a new tag name for the current site .
stop the specified service .
get a user id for a user .
generate a new model for a field .
write out the contents of a file .
convert a continuous random variable into a matrix .
create a new repository .
get a server .
enable / disable a transaction .
parse the contents of a file .
returns a list of the sql statements used in the database .
run a command .
show details about a server .
returns a list of the datastore datastore datastore app engine .
set up os x * * if * is not a python version .
return a query of all the filters in a model .
get the median of the median of the data .
test for .
return a string representing the metric class by name .
run the given output command .
only load if the module is installed on this minion .
returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
test for issue # info .
return a list of dictionaries that are not in the given user .
convert a value to a binary representation of a python int .
wait for the page to be enabled .
reset the output of the function in a thread .
checks if permissions are valid .
checks if a value contains all of values for any field .
test for when output is a single input .
make a new element .
calculates the checksum of the message on the given message .
returns a list of valid lines of the graph .
decorator that calls the function with the decorated function as an exception of an exception containing the result of EOS
create a byte byte string from a byte byte .
returns a dictionary of the version information from the version string .
returns the value of the property value for the given property .
compute the number of variables .
reads the named group .
restful crud controller for all of a particular plugin .
parse the proxy server from the proxy proxy proxy proxy .
creates a new user .
calculate the average of a model .
convert image to image .
list all available package .
return a new vector with the first n of the vector .
save session status of session .
save all the summary line in a given stream .
initialize the model .
convert an array of zeros to a numpy array of zeros .
gcode linear move file .
returns a boolean of whether the value is a field .
creates a new request object .
validates the command line options .
setup the demo platform .
return true if the given uri string is a valid uri .
serialize a numpy array into a numpy array .
decorator to skip a test if any function is available .
creates a new certificate file .
returns a dictionary of params from the parameters .
add the pixel table to the pixel table .
print a message .
check that x is a valid image and y .
split a string into its version .
search for an image and return a dict with a new message .
test to ensure the image of an image can be used to fit .
set up the sensor .
find and update fields in fields .
delete a device .
return the class of the given class name .
create a new xml cli example : .
convert an object to a float value .
remove file with git .
move a file to a file .
create a new block stack .
print out the objects from a given object .
rule : id : id | expression | expression | expression | expression | expression .
converts / in a string to a valid html line .
helper method to handle a single action .
decode the given data as a unicode object .
decorator to make mode .
recursively walk a directory tree .
compute the log of the base x .
returns the version of os / version .
raise a polynomial for f ( x ) .
adds a flag to the flag object .
validates that the field of a field has been set in a valid image .
ensure that all of the modules are available .
delete an instance of an instance .
render a template .
checks if a string is a valid ipv4 address .
returns a list of all the data files in the folder .
decode a bson field to a file .
install a package with the specified package .
if args is not in the kwargs .
read a file .
test for a single yaml .
yield items from a item in a stream .
helper function to set values to a dictionary .
return a list of all of the files that are available .
computes the distance between two 1-d arrays .
generate group groups for all of a group .
decorator for running functions and calls to a function .
build a new build string for use in the build .
get vector3 from xml element .
get vector3 paths .
convert a dictionary to a dict of dictionaries .
update a new dict with the given data and return a new dict with the result of data and EOS
return a matrix that is a file containing a filename number of points .
return a list of objects that have been found in the given objects .
return a dict of the keys of a dict .
return a list of roles that have roles on roles .
set up a path in a particular object .
test that the text is not set correctly .
return a length of the length of the number of tokens in a file .
set the * x * axis * .
make sure that the object is installed on the current system .
parse the rule for the rule .
convert a range of bytes into a form .
process a single line in a specific output file .
decorator that adds a function or more than one .
compute an exponential representation of an image .
make sure that the figure is raised .
decorator that returns the first argument of a function as a variable .
function for all the summary of a template .
if the variable is in the same graph .
get all available regions .
formats a date as the time since that date .
convert color space to color space conversion .
returns a string of the given string .
return a set of all the values in k [ x ] .
context manager to temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily replace the exception .
helper function to handle arguments and process objects for objects with arguments .
returns true if all the specified field has a given group .
load a python source file in a module .
return a list of all the files in the current directory .
returns a tensor with shape and shape .
rest controller .
return a version of the current api .
check if a user has access to a given user .
process : func : func : n .
returns a list of template settings for a given string .
download an image from a local file .
return a list of file paths to use .
return a generator of length from the given string .
only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
save password for a given password .
split a string into an argument .
a simple wrapper to get a new socket object .
if a path is set .
returns a list of ipv6 addresses a valid ipv4 address of ipv6 addresses .
only load if the postgres module is available .
compute the average coefficient for each plot in the data set of the distribution .
if n is not none .
set up the default metadata for the test .
return a number of image by a number of image .
return a symbolic dtype variable .
print a message .
parse the token token from an http response object .
convert a path to a native path .
create a new vm .
convert a long integer to a byte string .
get an instance of an object .
count number of words in string .
register a new plugin cli example : .
test installing from a wheel .
creates a new block device .
check if file contains `` all '' files are the same .
returns a list of groups for a specific user .
generate a list of paths from paths .
see : meth : i18n .
expression : expression .
return a string with all tokens in the given text .
calculate the covariance matrix for a given distribution of covariance matrix .
encode the input .
test that the average of the dataset is set .
create a response object for the response .
create a snapshot .
check that all of a valid class contains .
yield each element of an element of sequence .
convert a sequence of items to a node object .
returns a new user object .
transform multiple index into a single index .
returns a boolean of whether the value is true .
return a string representation of a python string .
load the specified image from the specified environment .
return a series of series / series / series / series / series / 1 / 1 / p EOS
return an exception object from a function that is not running .
export app to the app .
return a wsgi app object .
set the process id for the current process .
get new repository .
run a single command line in a stream .
returns a list of services that are not available .
normalize a column of column names to a list of column names .
lists all of the lists in the lists .
convert a value to a python object .
set all the device types for a given device name .
lists all the vlan to network device .
convert a query string to a query string .
ensure that the named database exists .
get volume type access for volume type .
return a new id for the current thread .
split a list of tokens into a single list of tokens .
get api data from the api .
merge one or more one or more files to a single container .
given a course_id and course_id the course id .
returns a list of all available module names that are available .
return true if the given path is a valid ipv4 address .
returns a boolean of whether the value is a field .
return true if the path is a python script .
send a message to a service .
load data from the specified registry .
expr - > expr expr expr expr expr expr expr expr expr - > expr - > expr - EOS
returns the sum of the elements in the list .
compute the number of label for a set of label .
decorator for methods that require exceptions to be run .
delete one or more value from the queue in the queue cli example : .
update a table .
encode the content in the content of a given content .
get all available regions for the specified service .
returns the n x n * n * n * n .
clean up directory tree for all files in the directory tree .
run html tags for the user input .
convert a polynomial sequence of n in k [ x ] .
update a new thread .
returns an ascii representation of an object .
convert a dict of dictionaries into a dict of dicts : [ [ ] .
request to have task .
compare two lists of lists in a single list .
return a list of urls that have been urls in urls .
convert a string to a regular expression .
returns a string of an expression with the given code .
plot data with the mean of x .
start a client api client id .
find a request for an image request .
decorator for views that checks whether a user has been enabled .
check whether the two types of a given ip address is the correct type .
return a matrix that will be used in a normal distribution .
updates a user with email address and email .
request section 9 .
split a string into the list of type .
call the function in a process with the action to handle the action form .
loop : a loop object .
split a list of lines into one line and the first line of each object .
year - > int .
convert string into a list of strings .
test if the given object is a valid ip address .
returns an iterator of a random expression from the given distribution .
get a service instance to the service api call for the current request .
return the default value of the given string .
return a new document object with the given source .
generate a hash of a given string .
sends a message on a request on a given error .
return a list of users that are available for the given user .
execute a command and execute the command .
test decorator for checking if test is not available .
create a new base file .
destroy the given message or raise if it does not exist .
makes a simple row from a sequence of values .
apply a function to a random expression with one .
count the number of open file output .
yaml : string a random string .
makes a string from an environment variable .
return the filename of the filename in the filename .
returns a new user object with given a user id .
returns the current language .
extract metadata from a metadata .
convert a query string into a list of query .
collect all the files that are in the given document .
sends the request to the request .
list all users .
test that the representation of an object is raised when the object is different from a single class .
return the edges of the graph .
return a label object for the given label int .
returns a column column if the column is column in the column .
return a list of metadata .
stop the application .
run a query and return a list of tuples .
returns a list of all the extension in the given code .
returns a group object for a group object .
decorator that calls rate limit time until the rate is enabled .
return a new directory containing the named user id as root .
calculate the average of a image .
test that a project with a given path is created .
loads a dataset with the provided id for the given project .
compute the inverse of a matrix .
get new repository .
return the graph with the edges .
get the line number of a stack from the stack .
return a list of available text data .
create a template tag from a uri .
rename a file .
get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
check if a user has permission to access permissions on a particular object .
expected __doc__ .
main entry point .
extract all the loop lists from loop .
run a query in a given query .
decorate a function with a method as the name of a class .
set / get / set if the new version of the current image .
adds the `` headers '' headers to the given httpresponse object .
create a temporary file name .
register a certificate .
factory function for creating an instance of a base class .
returns the version of the current version .
set the default region to use for the default region .
find the best match for a given unit .
run tests from a test .
converts a tag to a tag .
create a new service instance from the values dictionary .
returns the error message for the error code given an error .
write a file of text to a file .
fix method names to be used in a method / method / method / method / method / .
load section 9 .
returns the shape of the vector .
helper to get an element with an empty string .
retrieve a thread .
set the access mode for the user .
computes the distance between two 1-d arrays .
convert an error to an exception object .
returns a dictionary of columns of columns of columns with columns .
list all of all registered tables .
return a set of image objects that are not found in use .
return image number of image data .
convert integer to float .
returns whether the user has access to the given course .
project version info in a project .
computes the average distance between two arrays .
return a list of strings for each string .
return a new dict with all of the elements of a sequence .
copy column to a column of column .
return the base path to the base file of a user .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
run code with spaces in a given file .
handle the exception type of an exception .
returns the value of a setting for a setting .
returns true if the given string is a valid exception .
return information about the named vm cli example : .
run the function in a single process .
helper function to update an object .
register a class to be used in a class .
open a port to the port number of open ( ) is the port number of open ( ) EOS
construct a expression from a expression .
make sure that the columns of column works with columns from table .
write a table to the given file .
return a path to the named absolute path relative to the directory of a given file .
register the event event .
compute a polynomial f in k [ x ] .
returns a new dataset representation of a stream of dataset .
parse the rule for the rule .
set the path to a container parent directory .
returns true if there are any of the specified version .
convert a number to a number .
print a list of tags .
open a file in a directory .
write a number of bytes to a file .
check for file files in the same file .
update location with location from location .
save all the help files .
compute the linear regression distribution for a distribution of distribution parameters x : array_like .
parameters dataframe : dataframe : dataframe .
get current video video video .
convert a buffer in a buffer to a buffer .
read data from file .
setup the demo sensors .
return event to the events in the events .
convert a text string to a list of characters .
run a task in the task .
return local mean of an image .
returns the device ( s ) for a proxy device .
check that the user has been changed and not already exist in the database .
convert an integer to float .
helper function to ensure that the user is created from a log file .
returns a dictionary with the keys specified as a string .
fixture to fake fake fake test .
get a frame or list of functions for a module .
replace all of an array with a new line with a new one .
test whether x * * * * .
wait for the specified item to be used in the database .
guess the url for a file or type .
create a file instance for all the files and files .
helper to handle a single field .
check that two images are not same .
execute a command and return output as json .
compute the covariance matrix for a matrix .
get the configuration of the device .
return a copy of the value of a function .
check if http status code is running .
truncate by length .
returns the local ip address of a local instance .
check if a given path exists .
update a quota usage usage usage .
return a list of available devices of a device .
render a template from the template .
returns the number of bits in a number .
add a class to the class .
statement : id .
return a generator of length n from a stack of bytes .
print a list of all available site .
returns an object containing the objects value from an object .
assert a response with the status code .
returns the local node for the local node .
sends a message to the notification service .
returns a new graph .
run the main function .
ensure that the port is available .
get the path to the current linux distribution .
create and return a new temporary file .
return a string representing the current object with the given string .
return the config object as a dict .
registers a flag whose value can be a list of strings .
generate a new link file for the latest folder .
set up the path and all the main loop .
return a matrix that is the matrix of x * x * .
returns a list of nodes in a graph .
generate a client for client and server a client .
test run command .
decorator for views that require an user .
request configuration .
convert a path to a file : / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
get equated paths .
remove all characters from text .
returns a dictionary of the appropriate url for the specified user .
returns a list of network interfaces on the proxy minion .
return iterator over all * iterator * .
print a node .
compute the inverse of the inverse of the matrix .
returns the number of active config .
return number of n in n .
check whether or not a valid format for a given format .
upgrade all packages .
register a new backend backend backend format .
return true if * val * is * is * not * is not * .
the power of a power of a sequence of numbers .
test for url .
list all of the data from the specified string .
get media instance of media object .
calculate and save a value of all available vm .
return a list of all the files that are in the given package .
test for issue # 1 .
encode a single request .
check whether there are any valid set of data in the same .
report whether all of the directories on the given directory .
helper to store a key from a list of keys .
get a cookie from the request .
check if the given url matches the given locale .
takes a list of dicts .
helper function for printing of current process .
returns true if the given list is a single list .
resource headers for component views .
return true if the given comment is valid .
step that require the target class with one of the same arguments .
decode string - > int convert a number of bytes to a byte string .
convert table resource table to resource .
get all child zone .
returns a string of the lines of a file .
returns a new graph with the given key .
print the message with the given message .
lock the file path exists with the specified id .
parse the results of an image file from the given line .
ensure that the named cluster is absent name the name of the name of the user to remove .
return a list of the elements of * * * .
set the virtual module if the kernel is installed .
context manager to temporarily create a temporary file .
decorator for methods that require the decorated function * * * * * * .
yaml : this plugin allows you to the jenkins .
run the main program on a specific virtual environment .
send file .
return a list of paths that have been modified .
sample and write sample data to file .
view for user with login token in a user .
convert labels and labels into a vector .
creates a new database .
fake version of os .
return a new account object .
run a single process with the given id .
run the test suite .
return a list of all available files in the given directory .
set the root directory to the root directory .
show details of a single task .
an instance of the server with the server .
handle a single request .
build a test suite of test modules .
return image of the image .
return distance between two points in a distance point .
returns the time value in seconds since the epoch .
get the number of lines from the last line .
sends a request .
calculate the input array for a given array of shape .
get the media descriptor object from the media .
only works on windows systems .
import a python object given a path .
converts a string representation of an object .
ensure that all of a repo have been changed .
return a function that wraps the decorated function in a test .
for a given index .
returns true if stream is stream .
get the path with the maximum of the point .
returns a message message of the message model .
remove leading / `` / `` / '' / `` / `` / `` / '' / `` / EOS
collect all the files in the given package .
convert a value to a slice .
return matrix to scale matrix .
remove any of characters in a given string .
split a dataset into its dataset .
parse a configuration file .
attach a json project notification to all of the users .
start a new instance of the input .
convert a dictionary of { % } s } into a dictionary .
get a value from the session to the aws account .
returns a document of the document from the given document .
print usage information .
install a new virtual machine .
check if the given package is installed .
helper for the main method .
delete an image tag .
load an image from file .
returns a list of role that have been created with role .
decorate a method that takes cr .
return the name of the file .
only load if the postgres module is available .
return the directory that the given dir is not installed .
make a color from color .
gets metric by name from metric .
return error message with error messages .
if we are no data .
raise an exception if the request has been changed .
return a datetime object suitable for use in iso 8601 .
call a service with a given name of the current thread .
find a specific region name or name .
call the function in a thread with a callable function that is called in the current mode .
return a list of available services name the name of the named service .
remove all words in text .
get the path to the parent directory .
return a list of available vm cli example : .
test for when there is a change list of strings where you can be set with one variable .
tests that we find a string with a specific number of numbers .
if two points are not in the same way .
clear all of a set of files in a list .
return whether or not the minion is available on the system .
get the windows system name of the system .
resolve the version of the latest version .
strip the given address from the given address .
skip test if request has been enabled .
delete a project .
execute the command and execute the command .
attach section 9 .
convert hex color to color space .
enable the service .
format a raw file for raw data .
create a new base class with a metaclass .
update the config of a specific configuration .
decode bson data to bson .
decorate a function to be called when it is run in .
sets a username with username .
list all available services cli example : .
creates a new user .
if the value is an integer or if it is an integer .
if the directory is not none .
convert n in n .
return the name of the current instance .
returns the value of a date from the specified time .
check that random ( ) does not exist in * correctly .
retrieve a list of all the messages for a given course .
returns whether or not the given user can delete an object .
convert a value to a native name in the form of a function .
view that returns the user / password to the admin server .
parse a data into a list of data from the given data .
setup the command line .
update download / update / / / / / / / / update / / / / / / EOS
returns the secret secret for the secret .
remove a package .
decorator that checks the results in a numpy array and raise an exception of exceptions .
recursively set all paths that have been imported into the given root .
get authentication backend for a backend .
create a color with a color .
check if the method has been imported and not in the method .
parse a yaml file into a dictionary .
return a file containing the contents of a file .
serialize obj to a json formatted str .
create a new session .
creates a new unit form object .
decorator for marking the function as a method call .
handle the `` path '' with a single space .
if the given data is valid on the target in the last line .
convert a string to a unicode object .
return the number of active global variable .
show the details of an existing profile .
tests that the creation of a file is valid .
returns the cache object for the specified alias .
set role for options .
delete the given model to the instance .
load a filename from the filename in the filename specified .
returns a list of elements from a set of elements in a given list .
returns a logger for the given logger .
setup the demo sensor .
code for all of the object .
return a widget with * widget * tag name * .
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
return method class .
converts a filename into a url pattern into a regular expression / / / / / / / / EOS
creates a new host object for the given port / class .
is installed .
get the first argument of a function .
for a given function and return a boolean value .
clear the volume volume in volume .
get a string representation of a file .
add a new product to a list .
helper function to save an object in a json .
compute a matrix decomposition .
convert a string to a python string .
returns a string representation of a python object .
return true if the given value is true .
generate a list of length n from a list of length n .
get the complex with the vector3 vertexes from the xml element .
returns the given html with all the given character .
execute the salt master .
create a role .
return the path to the repository that the repository is in the repository .
displays a post request .
remove all of the files that are not in the given source .
return the first item from a list .
check whether the status of an error is status .
get all volumes that match the given criteria .
generate a new figure with the same number of bits .
get the load data from the specified file .
computes polynomial gcd of f in k [ x ] .
return the file contents of a file .
convert raw data in the log format to a stream .
get the first line of the first word .
returns an iterator over the elements of a sequence .
return the shortest path between source and target .
get the points from the points .
returns true if error is a error .
handle a request .
reload the module .
extract x and y the x .
delete a layer .
apply the number of data from the command line to the file .
returns true if the connection connection with the given connection .
check that all of a particular vm exists in the specified package .
remove a single volume from the named vm .
convert sequence to bytes .
check for file with given name .
convert string to dictionary .
encode a string to encode in bytes .
write file to disk .
split a list of data into one of data .
convert a file of path to a directory containing the new path to the new directory .
returns a list of tuples from a list of tokens .
return image with no longer than or equal to image .
read data from a file .
recursively yield all the files in the base directory .
get a db database name .
add the value of a file to the directory .
get the path to the user-specific dir for the running process .
create a new instance of the database .
return a new image uuid from the specified device .
split a list of into lists of lists .
run the script .
sample from image of images with specified images and sample parameters image : array of image of image .
gets command line state for the state specified .
insert into the given document .
get a json representation of a buffer .
return a sequence of items from a sequence of items .
return a list of links in the line .
calculate the average of the average of each parameter in the parameters .
parse a line argument .
postfix_expression : id .
convert a dictionary to a dict of keys .
generate tree of a tree for all of the tree .
restful crud controller for each of a particular request .
compute the log of the log of the distribution of the log distribution .
check whether the user has been changed .
get the current status of a specific device .
set the user module if the kernel is available .
convert date to date in date format .
test whether all of the dataset points in the dataset of all of 0 .
return a new label object with the given label .
generates a set of files for each item in the list of handlers .
show a command with the current user .
return image with the specified images .
format a list of message with a given format string .
return a list of open graph .
return a list of all of sys .
set the current figure to figure out if the current backend is not available .
handle error messages from the end of the api .
main entry point .
check if a package exists .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a build process .
formats a date as the time since that date .
make sure ast cant compile invalid invalid with .
return number of bytes in n .
require the project .
compute the sum of the sum of the z distribution .
run the main server .
return true if the element of a list of available .
test the fitting method .
creates a new upload file .
set the given properties on a node .
formats a single header of the specified version .
item view .
returns a new : class : class : instance .
return a function that will be called when the callback is called .
return the contents of the file .
status edit .
client api operation adapter / wrapper .
parse a file of data from a file-like object .
write a matrix to a file .
get role from user .
create a new instance of a key object .
generate a random token .
dump an image to a given device .
returns a random integer n from the given distribution .
return image object to use .
check that the user has been run in the same file .
load a test suite for tests .
returns the level level level .
enable / disable disable disable disable state .
get all of the index that is for a given index .
test to make sure that the source is not already in .
render a action to the parameters .
if the config object is set to the current session .
parameters year : int .
returns a json representation of a project .
get the value of a variable in the form of a variable .
convert a string of characters into a string .
returns a list of permissions for a given user id .
format a context object to a specific command line .
try to get current working directory .
check that the given version is valid and the configuration file is the version of the server .
compute the inverse of a sequence .
generate a new message representation of a file .
gets email address of user with given email address .
decorator to run a function in a particular connection .
validate that the given course is valid for the given course .
sends an email with given user_id .
execute a yaml document from the given file .
update the config with the current linux .
creates an expression from an expression .
print a list of tags for a particular tag .
return the number of bits that are in the given tag .
if the array is set to a single space .
given a query string and a key / value pair .
resource factory method .
decode a string encoded with the given encoding .
encode a string / value to a python byte string .
add a resource path to the resource object .
get line with split line of `` .
add a new instance to the server .
creates a new group .
test the exception exception works .
add the value in the tables .
return a file containing the contents of a file .
returns a form field for a db .
return a new random integer value with the values of the values .
return true if the queue is running .
group type by name .
generate a url for the server .
returns an iterator of the iterable .
handle a request object .
returns a set of all of the templates .
run migrations in online mode .
initialize x .
test to ensure error code are not set .
convert an instance to a instance .
convert a list of tuples into a tuple .
fix metadata with uri to uri with given uri .
only load if the postgres module is available .
return true if the system is running on this system .
return x as a theano tensor of x .
test when one image is a single dimension of shape .
convert a matplotlib image to a matplotlib figure .
returns a list of resources from given project .
execute a script in a given directory .
returns a tensor of the shape of a tensor .
returns the error api error for the error .
check if a given status code is valid .
set the global configuration for the given configuration file .
load configuration from the config file .
stream information from the stream .
helper method for setting an attribute .
returns a list of courses that have been rendered on the course .
call the given url for the current page .
for testing .
compute the entropy of a distribution .
get a value from the current context .
generate a cache image instance for the specified image .
parse an xml file .
parses an output file into a line containing the lines and lines .
run the main application .
returns page link to a page .
private key for a certificate .
creates a tag and returns a dict with the tag .
get an existing id of an existing snapshot .
iterate over all the elements in the action .
clean up / * / * / * / * / * .
get a list of resource objects .
remove all of a particular vm .
returns true if a model is a user model .
return true if the class is a class .
set the global variable .
returns a set of all the files in the given path .
test that the figure is raised .
test that exception works .
returns a new dict with the specified key and value .
split a string into words .
return the python module as a python module .
process the number of files for a dataset .
returns a user list with users .
skip a test .
make plugin available .
print out the data and return the output as a string .
check that all of a valid dataset is valid .
download the file .
return the current environment variable .
test either if an error is raised when sample is different at fitting and sampling .
update a bucket name .
retrieve all the course courses for a course .
returns the number of bits of a key .
ensure container is running container name container name container name container name container name container name container id * EOS
return a string with spaces in the text .
normalize an uri from a uri string .
list all of the account .
test that the config from the config is set for .
download the code at the given code .
set a process instance .
return true if the class is a class instance .
convert a local path to a local path .
restful crud controller .
deserialize a stream or string of yaml data .
normalize a file name to a filename .
returns a string of the current word .
dump an object to a certificate .
return a generator that yields content in k [ x ] .
evaluate f ( x ) - > f ( x ) ) - > f ( x ) [ EOS
default view for requests .
run the test suite .
convert a file of bytes into a human-readable file .
list all the documents in a document .
validate the api request configuration and return a json response .
helper to convert a list of tokens from a tokens of tokens .
returns a new product of a row of a row of row .
returns a dictionary of version information from the current version .
return a list of active window .
ensure that an error is raised when output .
only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
if the given package is installed .
register a new instance .
test to ensure that the service works as expected .
creates the filename of the python source file .
return a list of all of the names that match the given pattern .
call a command with the given arguments .
view for a new user .
find an object in a given object .
delete a directory .
run a command and return the output .
returns a list of words that are not in the word .
same as a / b .
prints a message with the specified header of a given message .
fetches a list of all available profile cli example : .
return a new instance of the given string .
restful crud controller .
expected __doc__ .
generate a test suite of two numbers .
print out the message for the queue in the queue .
create a form field from a group of data structure .
return the current system time of the minion cli example : .
ensure that we can be read from tags .
returns a language .
compute the linear regression .
returns true if line is valid .
only load if boto is available .
returns a new course info dict with the given key and values .
validate that the value is a string representation of 1 .
show a list of all the user .
returns a boolean indicating whether or not .
range of a range of a range with a range of values .
remove a value from json .
run a single time series in the given range of time .
create and return info dict with information about each of the parameters .
get current audio audio output stream .
get logger for given name .
convert a text string into an html xml element .
compute the size of the data .
return true if * argument * is * .
decorator to skip a test if not already in the function is not installed .
send command .
test that the class can be used as expected .
generate a new text file .
set the environment variable and return a dict with the current environment .
returns a new .
download a port from the specified host using the given host .
convert string to a value .
document the document of a document .
copy the local directory to the local device .
validates that the user is valid .
convert hex string to hex hex encoding .
merge one or more one or more one .
sort the given list of lists by the given sequence .
return a unicode string as a python object .
start a new app .
return a path to a source file in a directory .
ensure that the named volume is absent name the name of the device to remove .
return the path to the current linux os .
import a image .
return true if * distribution * is a valid distribution .
test rgb to hsl color function .
parse an ip address values from a dictionary .
package ( s ) - > none if not installed .
decorate a method as a method as an api .
return a list of the nodes in the tree .
sends a request to the specified server .
log a log to the log of the current thread .
generate a filename for filename .
start a worker process .
decorator that calls a function with the decorated function as an exception class .
delete all of the files in the given class .
convert a list of tuples to a dict .
get the plugins directory path .
status section 9 .
apply log ( x ) to each element of the matrix mat .
return the number of locale for a specific locale .
add the closest points to the path .
decorator that adds header information to a json api request .
map string to a function that will be called with a map of `` .
the main function .
add a user to a group .
escape text to make sure that it is not in text .
return location location location location location in the config file .
return a docstring from docstring docstring as a string .
convert the region of a function to a native object .
view for a course .
initialize the module for the given filename .
remove quotes from string .
list all available belonging to this account cli example : salt myminion pagerduty .
return true if the image is visible in the specified image .
returns a list of hosts for a given host .
perform the main loop of the current linux distribution .
context manager to temporarily run the queue .
returns a dictionary of configuration values for a configuration .
set the timeout in timeout in the timeout .
returns a new figure out of a value in the given expression .
return true if the header contains a header in the given header .
parse a date in the format according to the date .
return the code of a function .
returns a hash of the password for a given password .
append all keys of all keys in the specified keys .
upgrade all the latest version .
read the number of bytes from the file .
returns a list of nodes of nodes .
test that the input is raised when the input is passed in .
split the string by split .
show the details of an existing image .
sends a message to a message on a given resource .
setup the configuration options for the configuration .
compute the gaussian distribution for a multivariate distribution .
create a file object from the given string .
returns a dataset of dataset .
return a text representation of a text file .
return true if the named service is in the current process .
add a description of a description .
run the os .
compute the inverse of f ( x ) .
returns a tuple of two images .
create a folder in folder and create a new folder .
run migrations in online mode .
return the value of the current thread if the request is enabled .
returns : class : int .
get the network on a network .
returns a dictionary of information for a course with a particular course .
returns the product of the value for a and b .
get text of a string .
send packets at layer 2 layer 2 - > none .
parse a date in the format date format .
wait until the given message has been updated .
returns a new array with the same length of the values in the range .
create a new block device class .
return a user id from the user environment .
return a string containing the docstring as a string .
execute a command with arguments and execute the command with arguments .
return the argument name of the python 2 .
serialize a sequence of items into a stream .
make a new figure out of a particular instance .
converts a sequence of integers into a tuple of integers .
set the value in the argument to the argument .
copy / / / / / / / / / / / redirect to the http / api / EOS
return dataset of dataset .
extract a code from a code of code .
delete an existing profile .
returns a list of documents with all the user .
image to disk .
ensure that the named vm is absent name the name of the device to remove .
patch the given object to the given object .
add index to new .
format options for the options .
return version of the namespace .
serialize a numpy array of bytes .
convert date to date format date format .
run command with arguments and print its output directory .
import a module .
test for issue # 1 .
load a dataset from a buffer .
return a list of template ids for the given template .
test configuration .
returns true if the given string id is a string id .
generate a new tree for each test .
lists all the files in the repository .
redirect to the current http / / / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
only work on posix-like systems .
pad - > array .
return sample data to sample data .
parse the rule for the rule .
rest controller .
direct_declarator : lparen .
decorate a function to be called with a particular function as the wrapped function to the appropriate class .
get a list of lists of available instances .
serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
creates a warning for an object with the given name of the result in a particular object .
remove a volume group .
test that the default settings is set to the global settings object .
return size of disk image .
remove text of text from text of text .
convert an instance of the socket object to a module name .
delete an image object .
get the inset path with the maximum of the loop .
returns a dictionary of { deferred } from a dictionary of { deferred } .
test the root function for an error .
test the connection to the connection .
read a model from a file .
gets the number of a new action on the specified server .
returns a new instance of a form instance .
handle action from a job .
list all the available topic .
set up the sensor .
json test method .
expression : expression .
return a parameter for parameter that can be used as a parameter .
returns the flavor extra flavor .
returns true if key is a string .
compute the maximum coefficient of the polynomial f in x .
compute the inverse of an array .
restart the server .
rate limit of rate limit of rate .
get the metadata url for an image object .
stream is stream .
context manager to temporarily temporary the current directory .
returns the current language code .
return a string representation of a value .
return an object name .
send an email message with a new template .
remove one or more than one element of a value .
load an image of an image and return a new line .
returns a raw password hash for the specified user .
convert a value into a boolean value .
list all of the specified policy .
return metadata of a repository record for the specified metadata .
generate a new key file .
returns true if and only if the given string is in a valid list .
yaml : jenkins-wiki this plugin allows you to build a build file .
send packets at layer 2 layer 2 - > none .
get the path to the binary of the binary .
returns a new graph with a graph .
handle commands on / 1 .
convert a float to its native representation .
get the snapshot of a snapshot .
get a value from the request or none .
create a new group .
returns user account of a user .
return image to rgb image .
makes an instance of an instance of an instance of : class : class : .
compute the inverse of a and b .
returns a string with the given number of characters .
load file descriptor from file .
email address of email address .
returns true if the number is valid for the current file .
convert a dictionary to a dict .
loads a file containing the contents of a file .
checks if an object is a valid list of objects .
check if two objects are same .
return a temporary directory containing the list of all of the names of the given files in the given directory
create a volume group .
run the main test .
generate a new secret client secret with the secret of the secret .
return a file object containing the contents of * * * file * .
returns a connection to the connection .
return true if the object is a method method .
no configuration for the module if we are available .
expression : id .
checks if given certificate is valid for given certificate .
format a string with block of html tags .
kbengine method .
returns true if the given path is a valid pid file .
test that the length of data source from a list of data source .
returns a number of bytes from the bytes .
creates a connection to a database .
check if value is a valid string of length 1 .
compute the regression targets for an image .
adds the request header of a request .
read the xml from the xml file and return a tuple with the number of bytes .
replace all of the node with the given node .
list all available regions .
add a plugin menu .
check if we have to see if we are running .
creates a new application instance .
return the data that the user can be used in the data .
register a hook hook .
match a document and return a document .
remove a host from a port .
return a string representing the tree .
test that the user can run the same command with one set .
returns true if given object is a list of objects .
fix any `` `` '' '' `` `` `` '' '' .
return a function that is not none .
return a docstring .
convert value to key .
check if a field has been modified on a particular line .
set the default value for a given type .
makes a simple dict from a sequence of pairs .
create a new block object .
creates a new user .
return a tuple containing the images in the given image path .
add resource headers to the context .
returns the current time in an event .
run the tests in the environment .
decode string - > int convert a number of bytes to a byte string .
convert a : class : class : class : class : class : .
delete the host entry for a given host .
redirect to / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
test for issue # 1 .
log a message with the error message and log the error in the log .
test if the integer limit is in the range .
helper function to generate a version number from the api version .
return true if the class is a class instance .
creates a new : class : meth : meth : jenkins-wiki : the name of the current thread .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
return a function that returns a callable object .
return a string representation of an xml file .
return the elements of an array .
test to ensure that the decorated function works as expected .
return a list of enabled services cli example : .
calculate the number of items in a set of pairs .
remove all of the functions that are not in the specified distribution .
create a new block device .
parse an xml file and return a dict .
displays a list of tags .
a function to list a specific node .
parse a stream of a document .
returns the default timezone name as a timezone object .
fetch a list of ids from a given user .
compute the frequency of a sequence of data in a given expression .
get a path to the length of a path .
show the local node from the device .
sends a message on a topic with a given message on a given server .
converts a value to its name in the value .
computes the loss between two points in a model .
get group type by name .
returns an instance of an instance of an instance .
get all instance info for an instance .
yield successive that are not be used in filename .
ensure that all of a config option are set .
disassociate a fixed ip from an instance .
returns the value of a key .
remove any `` `` '' '' with `` `` '' '' .
get a value from the database .
test that the application can be run in the app engine .
lists items for items .
encode data as a python byte string .
gets information about an existing release .
convert a tool shed to a tool shed in the registry .
return a new dict with the current configuration value .
checks if a given path exists .
make a test case when an error is raised .
return a new dict with keys of a dict .
delete a vm vm : string vm to be deleted vm : string vm to be deleted .
convert a number of bits into a string .
get a value from the registry key .
creates an array with the same shape as an array .
test that the given image can be used to test the same number of times the same .
convert : class : numpy .
helper function to get a single request object .
returns a list of all available services that are available .
iterate over all of a source file .
check to see if an elasticache server group exists .
return a new exception object .
test that the database can be created from a database .
decorate a function as a method of .
convert value to float label .
return a new copy of a sequence of x .
create a test suite for the given test .
encode the given string .
check if two files are not in a set of files .
add two polynomials in k [ x ] .
return a yaml stream with the current yaml .
match the match for a match .
returns a new model class .
get a list of all instances that have been created .
creates a fill loops .
build a list of files for an instance of the instance .
computes the ratio of a kernel with a given distribution .
generate a new model for a particular model .
save the current host to disk cli example : .
set the class used in a class .
return a file object containing the contents of a specified file .
get the comment app for the comment app .
generate a new session id of a secret .
images - > int .
list a kernel .
split a string into an integer .
move a event to a event .
helper to create a new action .
decorator for marking a test file .
make sure that two arrays are equal .
compute a range of a given image .
generator that yields items from a tuple of tuples .
convert a time string to seconds since epoch .
set the given api key to the given api .
delete one or more source file in source .
return a new path from the given file path .
remove a value from the variable in the make .
only load if the minion module is available .
dump a sequence of http requests to the http header .
expr : expr .
unary_expression : declaration_specifiers .
load dataset .
match the text of a match to the match the match .
return a html link to the content of a file in the diff .
add the path to the points .
calculate the values of a set of values .
convert list of strings into a list of strings .
format a yaml stream for a message object .
add a profile plugin to the profile .
decode the data into a dictionary .
tests if an object is raised when a topic with a topic with a topic .
test for a character of characters .
return a string with all of length chars in the string .
return a string representation of an object .
check for file existence of source space .
set the format of the logging in the format of the python object .
returns the first element in the iterable that are not found .
decorator for views that require requests .
convert ipv4 address string to int type representation .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a build process .
returns the number of days of days since epoch .
apply function to a function .
returns a course to the course page .
generate a new video file for the specified image .
return a string representation of a string .
helper to format a html html .
execute a command and execute the arguments and call .
run the main function .
destroy a floating ip from a floating ip .
get the comment for a comment .
wrapper for : class : py .
convert a base integer to an integer .
converts value to a string to a rendered template .
sort a list .
generate a dictionary of a document .
returns true if the given number is valid for a given number .
return true if all elements of expr in expr .
return a list of all job ids .
return a string representation of a source .
read an image from a file .
write data to a file in a chunk of lines .
return a new environment of environment .
returns an instance of a class or object containing the model class with the given model .
process the xml element .
creates a new : class : .
decorator that require a user action to be created .
set the number of image properties in the current figure .
check that the version of the required version of the required version is not installed .
test that a simple instance can be set correctly .
get vector3 from vector3 .
update the repo location in the repository .
get the file of the image .
return a hash of the contents of a file .
send a list of items to a list of of instances .
retrieve all the settings from a given settings object from a dictionary of settings .
helper method for methods .
retrieve all the class from a class instance .
return system version as a string .
determine if a file has been run in the given file .
linear regression .
image - > int function for an image .
check that all of the current process is available .
construct a polynomial from the given distribution with the given key .
save a new matrix of matrix .
convert a mapping of block device mapping into a dict .
replaces space character ( ) with a ) interface with a single space .
convert a dictionary of dictionaries into a dict with keys and values .
test with a single input .
make a bucket from a bucket of a bucket of a bucket .
compile a string with the given regex .
run a single command .
test that the exception works .
returns a version string from the version .
returns a dict of the specified document .
compute the mean of the mean of the mean of the distribution of the distribution .
test event loop .
returns a string representing the value .
returns a list of root from the root directory of the root of root .
set the default colormap to disk in a given way .
run the given process instance in the given context .
print a function to be used as a decorator .
return a color object as a color object .
install a node .
returns an s3 key for a datastore key .
return a string representation of an integer .
returns the base url of the given url .
get the volume volume by name or id .
convert an email to a new theme .
check that all of of sample ids in ids .
decorator that require authentication .
convert a value to a key .
create a new instance of the specified type .
return the encoding of the encoding in the encoding .
return the current line number of the current file .
return image as a string .
generate a test script for the source code .
return a list of users by a user .
only load if the minion module is available .
creates a new image on the specified path cli example : .
test to ensure that a show can be run .
return a string representation of an object with the given encoding .
update a users id .
set the index of the index .
return a list of groups that are in the given user .
return a locale information for a given request .
returns a query string for the search query .
return the product of a and b .
test that the http status code is not set with http / .
return a list of all the user defined in the specified environment .
worker worker process .
run the test .
delete a status .
encode a list of strings into a single file .
set global state to the home assistant server .
return a config dictionary with the specified name and values of the config .
test that we can be used for image and image .
check for use of source .
strip tokens from tokens with tokens .
delete an object from an object .
return user id from a user .
returns events for the current user .
show the details of an existing virtual machine .
get the number of lines that are in the file .
remove a user from the specified user cli example : .
get the username from the username / username / username / username / username / username / username / EOS
error if the instance is not in a log instance .
replaces space character ( ) with a valid character ( ) with character ( ) with space ( ) EOS
helper function for creating an object from the class .
create a service instance of a service instance .
convert html tags to html html .
print a single log .
convert a path to a native path .
create a new category .
ensure that the vm is present and is present .
return true if * * * is * with * .
convert a value of the interval to a interval of the interval .
run a set of values in a set of instances .
run a git command and return its output as a string .
update the top of a collection of existing images .
return true if the given module is available on the given module .
find all the directories that is a valid root path .
returns number of users that are not in user .
return true if the function is running in function .
returns a set of all of the specified field of a particular course .
validate the api key to the api endpoint .
update the line with the current line .
three number of characters .
compute the output of the functions .
print a line in a form .
return a resource resource object .
setup the demo sensor .
creates a new dataset .
split a list of strings into one of the `` a `` `` / '' .
calculate and return a list of events for each of the specified index .
sets the cluster status for a cluster .
return an iterator of all possible tuples of a file .
return a host instance .
returns an array of n .
python 2 .
escape a string for an existing line .
get the line with the line and the line .
element-wise two .
elementwise exponential function .
return a new title .
load config from the config file .
convert a binary representation of a value to a list of integers .
apply a function to a single space .
convert an array into an array .
returns true if the node is from the parent of the parent of node .
rename file .
convert a path to a filesystem file .
creates a property that is not set of property .
compute the inverse of p in a matrix .
returns the default instance .
get a list of records for a given volume id .
setup the options .
add a password to a username / password cli example : .
return a list of all available languages .
get the output of the input .
compute a linear filter using the function f .
return a string representation of a file in the path .
quote - > str / .
expected __doc__ .
convert a numpy array into a dictionary of numbers .
retrieve the active module from the device .
get a public key from the public public key .
return a string of expr if expr is true .
set the virtual module if the kernel is available .
handle error handling error messages from the error .
compute the linear regression .
parses an date / datetime string and return a datetime object .
install a package with package in the current directory .
context manager to temporarily execute a process .
restart the named service cli example : .
display the main dialog .
create a mock object with a mock object .
removes a single url from a url .
returns the sum of two lists of n .
run the given function in the run of the given process .
returns a list of all available vm images on the specified provider .
append a rule to the specified table cli example : .
format a configuration value for the specified user .
sends a post request .
generate a new figure .
test that the files are set with the same name and version is not already .
helper to create a namespace .
given a valid config .
get a list of all available services .
return a list of tuples .
updates a message with the given message .
returns a response from a header dict .
return a list of all job ids .
assert that the process id not be used with a process .
return docstring from docstring lines .
run a single command in a single database .
ensure the named vm is absent name the name of the key to remove .
unregister an application .
write a file in a fif file .
test to ensure that we can handle requests .
checks the code for a particular code .
return the uid for a given file path to the given directory of a given file .
return a string representing the given text if the given matches of a string .
if x is true .
return data to a remote server .
parse params and return a tuple of of params .
generate an api token for a given token .
convert a theano tensor into a theano tensor .
get the plugins directory path .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a build process .
return n random integer n from * * * * .
test that the method does not exist in a warning .
generate a list of tags for a specific image name .
creates parameters for parameters .
move to the line to the end of the current line .
record information about a record .
call a function with a function with a new name .
fit a binary binary .
return a list of all the tests available on the system .
add a new group .
parse the log log .
convert a date in format format into a datetime object .
test for options with options .
update the device with the specified device .
decorator that checks the results of an image and check its original .
remove all of the files in the session .
search the string for an object .
test that the log of the model are set .
if the array is not none .
build a response from a http response .
return a list of files that are in the image .
return a boolean indicating whether x is a valid integer or not .
restful crud controller .
return a new dict with all of the keys in the values that are not in d .
delete a dataset with its id .
convert a size in bytes format to human readable format .
print a feed of all the entry .
yield all of a generator of a generator .
returns a dictionary with version information .
send a message to a jid .
render a content in the form .
update the length of the given line .
wait for the specified file .
make a request .
set the application pool for the given app .
get current video video .
apply the current server to an existing server .
get the device name of the device device .
write a list of modules to the current linux server .
return true if the given object is a class .
render a comment .
return polynomial f in k [ x ] .
return a tuple of the largest p in the given expression .
returns a function of the current interface for a given interface .
test that when input is raised when a model is called .
check if file is a valid filename .
entry point for the api / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc EOS
returns a string of a field of a field .
decorator for cache .
decorator to mark functions as methods as methods .
set up api endpoint for a given api name .
check if a service exists cli example : .
get all keys for a user .
return true if the integer value is an integer .
return system path to the named container parent directory .
run the main function in the main thread and run .
normalize an argument for use in a single argument .
strip a uri from a uri .
environment the environment of environment .
merge source files into a single list .
get the value of the current process instance .
write the configuration to the configuration file .
execute a command as a command on the device .
print text .
displays a list of messages .
load only if boto libraries exist .
print text to a console .
returns a tensor with the specified shape .
context manager to temporarily temporarily disable local default .
returns the norm of x .
return a list of files in the repository .
builds the filter spec for the filter spec .
json document with the given document .
return a list of all packages that are on the given package .
get current process current process .
deletes a collection .
convert an integer to a string of bytes .
returns the url for the course id view .
gcode linear move file .
converts a value to its value .
build a new instance of a registry .
handle the input .
split host and port .
convert an object to a string representation .
write a gcode file for a gcode file .
see : class : s3 .
compute the matrix decomposition .
mode : string - `` raw '' - `` raw '' - `` raw '' .
return a polynomial in k [ x ] .
return true if the file is in a given path .
create a new : class : py : func : py : py : func : cmd .
ensure that all arguments are not found in a particular context .
skip test if condition is true .
render a html document .
handle a single container .
render an url with the specified name .
check if a particular key is in the current session .
expression : expression .
compare two packages .
test if a config option is set to a specific value .
creates a raw data from a file .
convert date / time string into datetime object .
extract a set of data from a device .
removes all values of the given string .
wrapper for : func : py : func : py : func : py : func : arg EOS EOS
return the path of the script in the given network .
list all available services cli example : .
add a hook to the decorated function .
test reading of raw data .
resolve a document and extract the field from the document .
check if a given name is in the given locale .
signal handler for course signal .
test source space .
list the available service cli example : .
convert array of data into array of array .
returns a list of range [ 0 .
add * * * * to * val * with the appropriate * of * .
set the value of a configuration file .
yield all of the names of all the names of the node in the given node .
merge dictionaries into a single dictionary .
compute the linear regression .
context manager to temporarily .
convert the region of the native space to the native space .
return true if the object is an instance of an object .
return filename .
request configuration steps from the user .
returns a new product instance .
return a string with the given offset in the offset .
test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
remove an argument from the argument .
returns a function that returns a new value for the given sequence .
return the date in the current date .
generate a new figure out of a collection .
merge one or more one or more files .
api : accepts output .
return a boolean for whether the given value is a list of float .
restful crud controller for options .
return a string with all the text of a text .
if the user is not none .
resolve an object .
returns an iterator of a series of pairs of a given number of bytes .
test that a directory can be run with a specific version .
test for # 1 .
return a list of tuples containing the class names in the given class .
gcode linear move file .
split the path into a list of paths .
create a new notification instance .
compute the average precision for a grid of a distribution of points in a specified plot .
convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a dictionary .
find the line with the given node .
set the default module for the current test .
convert a result id to a result id string .
add a new job to the given job id .
fake version of os .
indent an xml tree with the given element .
returns a tensor with the same type as the same type .
write a string to a file .
factory function for creating an unique name for a new unique key .
list all users .
modify section 9 .
returns a list of token from the api .
returns a set of field from a field .
filter out what items are not set of an instance of an instance .
reset a configuration from the configuration and password it as a dictionary of values .
convert ip address to ip address .
add a user to a specific user cli example : .
create a new volume group .
helper for : func : py .
add the x intersection indexes for a loops .
create a service instance from a service instance .
returns the messages on the request .
returns the current figure .
returns a user id for a user id .
drop group ( ) - > user with group .
validate that the value of type of type of arguments are in the specified format .
return a repository version of a command .
read a dataset from the file of f and return a dataset .
print exception about exceptions .
returns a list of log values for the given configuration .
generate a test code for a test .
return the object name of the object name .
merge two lists into one or more lines .
wait for a server to be called with an http server .
list all of the account .
return the number of job ids .
return datetime .
warn if dependencies arent met .
converts an integer to an expr .
calculate the number of order in a sequence of order .
check if all files in a set of dataset .
make a 2d array with the same shape as input ( ) .
delete a resource type .
list all of a cluster .
check if two files are equal .
plot data from normal distribution .
updates global settings in the global settings .
convert a configuration of settings into a dict of settings object .
generate a new user .
this is a deprecated version of the current url .
creates a document from a document .
returns a list of ip addresses .
return a list of node from a node with the given node .
return a list of all the available vm images on the system .
validate that value is valid float .
return a dictionary of { : } object } for each of the given type .
get the first element of an object .
generate a random string .
set the version of the current thread .
run the main loop in the given directory .
list all credentials .
stop a service .
delete the given volume type .
test that the image is not none .
convert text text to an html document .
calculate and return a datetime of time series with given year .
image is the image of the image in the image .
add the namespace to an existing namespace .
install a new application with the current application .
decorator for methods that require the current request .
run the console output stream .
cache the first item in the cache .
disable the named service cli example : .
convert an expression into an expression .
get a child child node .
create a title .
save the specified image to disk .
get the plugins and add the plugins and the plugin .
yield elements from the iterator of elements in an iterator .
default controller for options .
returns a list of two strings .
return integer representation of a pathname .
lists all available services .
group delete .
get a list of tuples for a given volume group .
remove a file .
initialize the api endpoint .
get a vpc id or raise an exception if an instance is found .
make sure that the text is raised when the label .
cache the cache for the specified cache .
attach a json column to each object of the queryset .
load data from file in json format .
retrieve a certificate from a server .
merge all of the files in the directory .
returns a dictionary of a single module name of the given parent directory .
get the directory to the directory to the directory .
load config from the specified path .
delete all of the project with the given project .
display the main dialog .
returns the default timezone object as a string .
compute a resource id .
convert float to float .
formats a task as a string of time series of time series .
test that the input is raised when the type is not binary and is not none .
parse a header into a dict .
decorator that wraps a function in a method as an argument .
decode a string encoded string .
return a list of all the users .
open a file in binary and open the contents .
parse an image file .
calculate the md5 hash of a file .
get the uuid in a uuid .
returns a list of all available images .
converts a value to a tuple .
delete users .
update the cache of an instance of an object .
return a remote version of the remote remote remote on the remote remote remote host .
if there is a list of * * * * * .
find a tag in the given tag .
returns a string representing the value for a particular date .
add a class to the class .
stop a vm .
sets the logging directory to the root directory .
filter out private items from a dict .
test the fitting method .
convert a list of tuples into a list of tuples .
creates a default settings .
only load if the module is available .
returns a polynomial of x .
return a query for all of a particular query .
remove a function from a role .
send event .
return the number of lines in a string .
return a sequence of tuples .
called by the user in the login / api call .
returns a query string for an existing query .
fix any unicode values that are not be used with unicode values that are not used by adding .
restful crud controller .
split host and port .
yield items from iterable .
write a new notification to a file .
return a random integer tuple with .
determine whether a resource has a resource .
copy files from the source directory to another directory .
test reading of evoked files .
create a new container .
test for issue # locale .
decorator for a task .
copy a file from src to destination .
convert integer value to binary representation .
return x .
return a generator of all available regions .
return the encoding of the object as a function or method if it is not found .
computes the covariance matrix of a model of matrices with respect to the data of the model of the EOS
test whether x is a set of x .
query the uri with an http .
yaml : this is a batch of tasks for each of the job .
creates a link to the user defined in admin site .
evaluate a python value from a python list .
called by the user in order to test service api call .
compute the expression for a expression .
test for issue # ) .
parse an expression to a string .
upload a file to a directory .
ensure that the value is not present in the state of a specific value .
set the password for a password .
run the test suite for the given text .
get a folder name and folder name in the registry .
same as a / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
returns a list of exploration ids .
retry function with one or more than one value .
returns a copy of the list with all of elements in which are not in `` .
set the audio output format for the current figure .
update a node .
returns a json value from the default config and set the value of a key .
escape all characters in a given string .
update the specified host or the specified instance .
load a list of modules from a module .
return information from osquery cli example : .
returns a list of all the theme that have been modified .
only load if boto is available .
creates a decorator that will raise an exception if it is not a dictionary of a type .
takes a list of dictionaries and returns a dict of dictionaries of dicts .
check for a line of text .
run the command line arguments and print the output .
split host string into parts of host .
start a new instance in a new instance .
return a list of all available regions .
return a copy of * that * with * keys * .
clear out cache for each file in the cache .
migrate the current environment .
decorator that wraps a function with a method in a class .
helper function to generate a new figure .
generate a temporary file containing the list of directories on the minion .
returns the module for the given project .
set up os x * * if * .
request section 9 .
decorator for methods that require * * * * args * .
process the xml element .
parse a tree of a tree of lines from a file .
return an iterator over an iterable .
set the permissions for a given object .
load data from a dataset .
kbengine method .
set the time zone for the current user .
user edit .
return a query string for all of the data in the query .
check if document is valid document .
delete a group .
check whether the number of a number matches a number .
test for issue # issue # 1 .
generate a list of lines from a file of lines .
get the absolute path to the current image path .
convert a uri into an absolute uri .
run the given command line test .
return all of the start .
test state when we can be run in a state .
returns a command with the current token .
user can not set the `` `` `` '' '' .
display the main loop .
decorator to make a function that will be called .
generate a list of tuples for a key .
fixture that returns a new test app .
create a new service instance .
setup the demo sensor .
return the value of the function .
fixture to test with the same name and fixture as the test .
return a function that returns f ( f ) from the first argument in f .
returns a list of the n x .
check that all of the same kind are in the same .
get the version of the version .
wait until an exception is running .
execute a command and run .
validate that the configuration and configuration option are valid .
return the key for the current directory .
add a new task to a method of a specific distribution .
request to have course info for a course .
returns a password password for a user .
execute the specified command with the specified name cli example : .
restful crud controller .
check for a string to be used in text .
creates a new document .
create a new virtual machine .
return a list of all job ids .
if the input is in the same format as the same .
patch configuration from a file .
given an object name .
render a template to a context .
takes a list of integers and returns a tuple of integers .
return a session object with the current session .
convert an object to a string representation of an object .
test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
get the current cpu times as a string .
returns true if the given image is a valid ipv4 address .
return the hash of the current item .
yield keys for each group of a group .
write a table as a fixed width table with no line .
test that the representation of an error is raised when the class is passed .
migrate stats to the version of stats of stats .
compute the inverse of a matrix .
if a package is installed .
test plotting of a file .
write the metadata to the metadata .
converts a string to a valid format string .
create a new figure with the specified path .
test that the representation of an array is set in a table .
determine if the default handler is from a default signal .
open a new database file .
kbengine method .
compute the inverse of two matrices .
parse a message from a string .
parse an input string .
verify that value is a string type of type .
return a list of all available services cli example : .
list all available images for this vmware environment .
run a task event .
returns a new product instance .
setup the demo sensors .
check if object is an object .
plot pooling model of a tensor .
read the contents of a file .
normalize an expression module to a python module .
return a new block object .
converts a string to a boolean value .
get an elasticache service name .
read a string .
get configuration of current configuration parameters .
only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than or not .
validate size for file size in bytes .
default output .
return the logger with the given message .
redirect all http requests .
set global variables .
dump a sequence of tokens into a python object .
update comment .
returns the error code for a given exception .
list all of the api in the given list .
check if a policy exists .
check version of installed .
test reading of file object .
load a dataset .
test that the input is raised when the right state is called .
create a base class with a metaclass .
iterates over a file in a line .
find out what items are stored in the same file .
test either if an error is raised when the version is not installed .
executes a two points .
load only on all the available data .
create a new service instance of the default service .
decorator that require the user be passed to the certificate .
return a url as a tuple of the current request path is the first argument as the form % EOS
creates a new figure with the default pid .
test to ensure that a dataset is set correctly .
retrieves the options from the option in the configuration file .
returns a dictionary containing the contents of a package version number from the file .
sends a message to the response .
reads a line number of bytes from the file of a line number of lines .
return true if the given path is a repository .
set the root logger for the root of the configuration in the configuration .
return true if the process is not in use .
retrieves volume info from volume .
create a new instance of the api .
add the function to be used by adding a function to a function .
compute a volume from a volume or block device .
check if we should be used for a proxy .
return a new value if the key is none .
compute the mean of data .
scale with given points in the unit of a given distribution .
create a list of lists of lists of a set of lists of lists of the values of the EOS
returns the default value as a unicode string .
makes a numpy array from * val * .
compute the average precision from the two images .
return x .
get an object for an object .
parse the data from an xml file .
test that the function works .
return a list of all available vm images in the specified environment .
create a list of classes from a single class .
load a certificate from a specified buffer .
load the media library object from a media file .
calculate the average of a matrix .
check if the given node is a tuple of a node .
get the server version of the server .
return the inverse of the matrix of the vector of the matrix .
connect to the device and log if the server is running .
returns a list of all available services .
returns the yaml representation of a node .
decode a bson string to bson .
return info about the information on the system .
returns true if g has a shortest path from source .
default handler .
calculate the matrix of a matrix .
construct a polynomial from the expression .
return the interface name of interface .
set the number of the current instance .
convert string value to an object .
get the vector3 path .
clean the given html .
convert a byte string into a byte string .
connect to aws endpoint .
decode header encoded string .
render a comment .
return a list of packages that are on the provider .
generate a temporary log .
decorator for views that require a method .
return true if the given object is a string .
return a list of items that are on the specified items .
return a slice of array with length n and array of length n .
helper function for : func : meth : math : math : math : a theano function of a EOS
return a new dict with all values in * * * .
returns a new password representation of a user .
unary_expression : unary_expression .
check whether or not an archive is a valid directory .
retrieve a resource file from the resource .
returns a string representation of a string .
add the list of paths to the output file .
set global variables for all hosts .
print list of files .
check if current directory exists .
deletes a certificate from the specified location .
setup the demo platform .
get all instance types for a given host .
print a message to the log file .
return mode of an image mode .
status section 9 .
get the width of the width .
elementwise elementwise exponential function .
test if a batch is valid .
three number of three numbers .
delete a link .
decorator to make sure that the current process is available .
return true if x is a scalar .
delete a vm .
create a new media .
create a tree object from a tree .
adds a specific entry to the list .
send a message to a jid .
enable or disable an existing one app .
append `` / `` / '' / `` / '' / `` / `` / '' / `` / EOS
delete a bucket .
delete a match .
returns the mean of an array .
test installing from a wheel .
print a command .
set the virtual module if the kernel is installed .
convert a string to a list of html tags .
convert a name in unicode name / value pairs into a unicode object .
main entry point for the device .
convert an ipv4 address in binary form to an array of integers .
parses an input string and return a datetime object .
retry decorator that will not be used in a request mode .
return a dict of configuration variables .
returns a list of all the specified id of a given id .
test that the input .
returns true if the given model is a model for a given model .
check for docstring not start with space .
strip a list of data from a string .
direct_declarator : lparen .
binary representation of binary representation of integer plot .
add a new entry for a specific entry .
run the main application .
update the named vm .
compute a kernel function for a kernel distribution .
return a string representing the public key .
encode a string as a number of seconds .
decorator to skip test if test is not in case of test cases .
adds a model with the default options .
yield all of a fields from a node .
return a list of nodes of a node .
extract the user input from the group .
validate and return a value for option of type option of type string .
helper function to run all the parent of a parent process .
decorator for views .
convert a file of a directory to a filename in a directory .
validate that the value of option of policy is a valid type .
return folder if folder exists .
parse the output of a command line and return a list of lines .
gets email address of email address from user .
like : func : func : but with the given path .
return a function that matches a function of all the documentation .
update or add new data from the datastore .
return a bytes path as a string representation of bytes .
returns the path of a process instance .
label and label label files .
send a notification about an image .
raise an error if the expression is true .
adds a new user to the current user .
check that x is a valid distance matrix of x and y .
return a list of available vm data from the api .
unregister a file .
return the degree of g with the given sequence of g .
update a collection .
creates a new server for a server .
generate a new target file for the target target .
get hosts for a given host .
return true if the user is in the config file .
returns the application instance for the application .
removes the string remove from the string .
set the number of seconds in the kernel / etc / o .
update the global state of a new instance .
modify host in hosts .
define a new warning .
decorator for functions that require an argument of a function .
clear out cache and cache results .
group all images in a given class .
start a new app server .
calculate the average of a distribution of evoked data .
report the message for the last line in the given message .
get a named container .
print version of the current option .
returns a datetime object for use with last 1 / 1 / .
create a new instance .
compute the linear regression .
compute the inverse of a matrix .
return a symbolic dtype variable .
add field to the existing volume group .
compute the mean of the image .
set site .
return version as a tuple of the current version .
handle the `` .
given a subnet id .
run a script in a file .
remove tags from text .
helper to define an expression that is not set up to the expression .
update host with host / port / update .
get disk image info from disk image .
set the size of an object to an object .
set the server .
output a string .
returns a dictionary of the local variable .
convert a result query result to a result of result .
skip test if test is in the same name in the same .
context manager to temporarily create a temporary directory .
return the first character of a url .
test that when user is created from a project .
return a polynomial in k [ x ] .
run the main loop .
convert a hex string to hex format .
fake version of os .
return the configuration of the current process instance .
require a package to be installed in a package .
make sure ast can compile valid .
delete a test file .
decorator that checks the decorated function in a particular module .
generate an event id .
returns the main thread class .
patch ( ) method to patch ( ) instance ( ) method with default / ) / / / EOS
alias for : func : meth : i18n .
list all client available cli example : .
print a message to stdout .
test for issue # url .
start a new user .
input : func : input .
create a new user .
copy the value of the parser .
delete an image record .
is the event loop running .
adds a function to a command .
settings is the global environment variable in the environment .
convert log message to stderr .
restful crud controller for options .
helper for : func : func : func : func : func : the object .
test for # 1 .
delete a vm .
test that the expected and does not have been changed .
remove a file .
clear out the data from the local file .
check that all of the methods are in a valid python list .
convert an image array to binary representation .
return the minimum of a matrix that is the point of the given distribution .
create a new base class with a metaclass .
get the cache path of the current file .
returns a password password cli example : .
build a list of urls .
return the path of the data in the specified file .
returns a string representation of a sequence of s .
compute the average window for an image of a specified plot .
process the xml file .
generate an iterator of pairs from objects of an object .
return a list of fields for a model .
calculate and return a list of year .
only work on mac os and work on mac os .
write out yaml to yaml file .
get the repository constructor .
test for issue # 1 .
fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example : .
helper to define an expression that is a expression of expression .
return a folder object to a file in the folder .
generate a string for a key .
wrapper for : func : py .
apply the function to the theano shared variable .
setup the demo sensor .
return a library module for use in the library library .
test whether two files are the same .
create a new figure with the specified items .
test for # 1 .
return a list of available services cli example : .
see : meth : i18n .
make sure that the output of the container is in .
check that a value is a valid number of bytes .
deletes a backup of all the app under the specified directory .
update global state when a task is created .
determine if a table is in the table .
find the images between an image and images .
sum of a tensor .
convert an error message object into an error .
test whether an image is a numpy array .
return default language .
test line with a single space .
a class decorator that raises an exception if the class is not available .
print a message to stdout .
compute the matrix decomposition .
decorator that runs a function from a transaction .
send table to log table the table .
return the object corresponding to the named vm .
set the user keys for a specific user .
this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
test for issue # ) .
lock a media .
compute the output tensor for two samples .
test that when two strings are not equal .
helper function to compute the shape of a single shape .
helper to create a new directory and raise an exception if found .
search for an image from the api .
convert value to float .
parses a string containing a line and return a date object .
ensure that the named value is present in the name of the specified value is not installed .
the feature is within the feature .
load data from json file .
tests for a single batch of valid images .
hook for hook .
return true if the two strings are equal .
find a specific vpc id in a specific image .
stop a server .
generate a test suite for each test suite .
load certificate from a certificate .
output the output of the module .
test for issue image .
returns the number of leading and the first item of the first item of the first .
validates that the value is a valid integer id .
returns a new block device field .
test that when not be run as an environment variable is not none .
returns true if the given value is not a pair of f and is not .
when a step definition is run with step .
compute the score of a score .
test when given document is valid .
project delete view and / or post requests .
return the value of the current process .
makes a function that returns a new message .
returns a key for the value of a key .
returns a list of lists of the elements of the value in k [ x ] .
given a source .
returns the list of ipv6 addresses for a given address .
decode the content of a particular stream .
get all of a list of pages .
compute the loss between two images .
translate a dict of dictionaries of their corresponding to their corresponding python object .
display the main dialog .
return a new json representation of a python object .
returns a string of random characters of words .
determine if the image is in the disk image .
given an input string .
return a list of the global modules for the given module .
test that the value is not none .
generate a url for a user with a specific id .
check if html tags is a valid html file .
return the path of the current python build file .
return a dict of the named vm images on the specified image .
this is a helper function to be used as a template tag for testing .
statement : id .
creates a new : class : .
calculate the average of the total number of parameters .
print out the current site and its output .
add complex matrix to the complex matrix .
only work on posix-like systems .
connect to a function or method .
normalize the path to the same directory .
gets the arg from the arg .
disable a service .
return a list of the job ids .
removes a tenant .
return a directory containing the directories on the given directory .
generate a new : class : datetime .
compute nt zeros of the z function f ( x ) .
return an iterator of an object from an iterable of an object .
extract a title from a source .
get a device mapping from the device .
helper function for creating a new set of data structure .
adds a property for a property of a property .
test that the input is raised when a single field is not set .
convert an object to a unicode string .
yield items from a given number of items .
returns a dict of language items matching the given language .
return a list of the elements of the func parameter .
set the test .
returns a list of file names from a given path .
return a list of tags .
get the version of the git repository .
read events .
returns a dictionary of information from a user account .
wait for a device to be created with no device .
return a list of unique extensions for a particular user .
start the reactor in a thread .
return a load data that marks a specified jid .
returns a list of strings from a list of strings .
return filename of content from a file .
this is a function which will run in a session .
return a string representation of the value .
if the folder is in the folder .
returns the distance between two strings of n .
return the edges of a graph .
clean up functions and clean them .
find a function by name and name .
decode bson message code .
return whether or not a given path is a space .
convert a graph to a graph .
json representation of an object .
calculate the number of bits of data points in a binary image .
test that `` service '' image can be used as a single space .
test to ensure that a document is valid on the system .
check if a given key exists .
return path to the directory of the file in the directory .
generate a dataset with dataset .
returns a blob from the blob .
remove leading and trailing whitespace from text .
return number of cpus in a string .
assert that the given array is from a valid image instance .
lists all available vm cli example : .
given a valid region name .
return true if the given object is an s3 bucket name .
returns a collection .
skip a test if a database has been available .
return a list of paths that have been run in the given scheme .
return a value for a given distribution of current line number of times a function that is called from EOS
creates a new image from the input image file .
convert bytes to unicode .
generator that yields all of elements in a dataset .
return the first element of n .
test hsl to rgb color function .
if the exception is not a single exception .
download a blob from s3 bucket to a bucket .
test that you can not set the site .
test image of images with images and images .
returns a tuple of shape and shape .
release the instance of the instance in the instance .
return the nodes of g in g .
compare two images for a given dataset .
generates a value for an integer value from the argument .
test that `` `` '' '' and `` `` '' '' .
only load if the user module is available in __salt__ .
return a list of all configuration files .
context manager to temporarily disable logging and stderr .
return a function that will be called from the named function .
get the first line of the first element of the first word .
builds a queue for each of a queue .
converts value to unicode .
compare two files .
renders the users email address .
compute f * * * * * using f in k [ x ] .
returns a new product of an iterable with the given values .
return a generator of data from a file .
create a temporary directory that is created with a given name .
return info about all available vm .
return a list of available usage information .
test that the default value is not a theano tensor .
return the number of edges in a graph .
default function for handling load data .
creates a new message .
quote the character of a character .
builds a response object from the current request .
returns a string that can be used as a list of strings .
return the number of nodes in the graph .
return a key for option of option .
assert a and b .
calculate the average of the average of the kernel function of the probability .
migrate the profile .
query to get a resource .
finds the first node from the string node .
api : accepts output .
update property in a document .
create a new block cipher .
test that a file extension is created .
open a file in binary mode .
convert a value to html representation of a python string .
generate a dataset of dataset .
helper function to convert an xml string to a uri .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for each of the current site .
set the default arguments for the user .
retry a function using the decorated function and retry it if it is not already in an error .
test fit and save .
get the repository constructor .
list all of the auth info with auth .
test for # 1 .
converts rgb color to rgb color .
return a string with the given text .
returns true if provided address in provided address is provided address of provided .
return information from osquery cli example : .
fixture to setup the backend from the test .
get the inset loop .
return image as a string .
if the loop is not in the loop .
returns the number of bits in a set of test cases .
enable all of the services .
open a file in encoding and return the encoding .
check for docstring not start with space .
call a function with an optional arguments .
view for views that is deprecated .
add `` / '' and / or more `` / '' .
returns the active language code .
wrap a function so it will return a new message on a process with the given name .
save / save / image to file in filename .
convert a matrix to a numpy matrix .
returns the api call to the current api call .
convert a matrix into its component parts .
returns a tuple of two strings .
return a tuple of tuples .
return true if two strings are equal .
creates a query to filter tasks based on arguments .
convert unicode to unicode .
return a list of paths that are on the site .
save a snapshot from a remote file .
print a file containing the contents of the contents .
compute a polynomial f in k [ x ] .
return a class object for the given name of the class .
return the file type of the file type .
setup the program to the program dir of the environment .
create a new instance from the values dictionary .
sort the given list of strings .
plot the function of a plot .
return a list of the nodes that are on the given class .
if start is in a range .
restart the http requests .
extract the host from a remote host or a specific host entry .
helper function for creating an expression with the namespace .
takes a list of names and returns a tuple of dicts .
migrate the current python code .
return a copy of a file .
make sure that a key is not set in settings .
iterator for the iterable .
create a new project .
return osquery information from osquery cli example : .
parse a url into its data from the json / / / / / / / / / / EOS
verify that the specified ruby is installed .
create a new client object .
returns an http response object containing the current request id .
parse the description of a description .
apply function to random state .
return a dictionary of information about a dictionary of dictionaries .
return true if the file is a valid url .
return true if the object is being used in this context .
compute a polynomial order decomposition .
test report for report .
adds a method to an extension of a method .
a view that returns a request of http requests .
convert version string to version .
extract a set of records from a given record .
return true if the object is an iterable of obj .
convert an object into an object .
return a dict of config values for the current configuration .
returns a string representation of a node .
print a message and print out .
returns a dictionary of corresponding to the given figure .
parameter : string .
helper for : func : meth : math : math : output .
fixture to run the test suite with the name of the current process .
return a string representing the python version of a python version .
returns a string representation of a value .
creates a new figure manager instance for the given distribution .
return true if the given file has been run in a particular line .
returns a new line number of bytes .
get the last document of a document .
write a sequence of lines to the given string .
fetch a list of urls from the user .
process the xml element .
returns a query string of a set of fields .
returns a service instance to a service id .
test the behavior of -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
helper function for creating a new copy .
write labels to file .
returns true if given value is a valid character character .
return a new instance of an iterable object .
register a new context manager .
if the input is set .
tests that the creation of a new time object is enabled .
make sure that all of the messages are in the same .
return a generator that yields all items in a sequence of tuples .
returns a proxy config dictionary of the proxy configuration .
get new repository .
start the specified user .
statement : expression .
open a file in filename and open in the open file in filename .
get the path to the current working directory .
load data from the json file .
returns a tuple of the appropriate type for the given topic .
create a new container cli example : .
return a function of the arguments in a given argument .
deserialize a stream or a stream of a stream .
view a user .
add a new security group cli example : .
return a schema for given schema .
create a new version of the current source .
format a file in the format of the file in the filename .
set the global node .
direct_declarator : lparen rparen .
converts an html string to an html string .
drop user / etc / etc / etc / user / etc / / / / / / / EOS
return data to a server .
convert an integer to an integer .
return a query for all the specified user .
ensure a named container exists .
tests that the store and store are stored .
returns a string of the given word .
returns true if the node is a list of node .
return a list of locale information .
convert a queue object into a queue object .
sends a message on a topic with a given message on a remote server .
return a queue object with a queue id .
generate a grid of points coordinates .
register a new format .
run : cmd .
test that a simple model works with a different path is not available .
add a device to a device name .
get the text of a child process .
converts a value to its byte string .
create a continuous random variable with a continuous random variable with the current distribution .
return a list of file paths that match the given path .
create a class instance from a specified device .
for a template tag .
convert a key into a tuple .
enable the current environment .
compute the nth derivative of n .
ensure that the named snapshot is absent name the name of the name of the snapshot to remove EOS EOS
returns a new http request object .
return true if the argument is a and b .
converts a string to a valid unicode string .
return image of the image .
test that we can run in a test .
return true if * val * is * is * .
returns the default test instance for test cases .
read a configuration file and return a dictionary of values .
check to see if a role exists .
return the value of an error .
find a resource from the given api .
check if a certificate is valid and if it exists with the name of the current object is not EOS
run a command and run a shell command .
search for executable files in the environment .
restful crud controller .
download the api url from the api .
return image status of a image .
returns the path to the named container parent default : path of the path to the container parent default EOS
save image to disk .
formats the data for the format in the format .
create a volume type .
execute a single template file with the given arguments .
decorator to require that the method is enabled .
extract the provided address of a provided address .
return a list of nodes in g .
stream the stream with the specified stream .
return true if the given value is true .
convert a string to a single space .
make sure that the figure is raised when we can run .
check that the given path exists and is a file .
start a vm .
convert an ipv4 address string to an int .
run the main test .
extract the item from the item .
convert a xml string to a xml string .
returns the number of bits in a number of bits .
close the x and y .
creates a new app .
test mne plot .
connect to the aws url and return an instance of the client .
retry the function f ( x ) - > none if f ( x ) ) ) * * EOS
creates a new role .
if the given test is not set to the given api .
create a temporary file object that is used to a temporary file object .
compute the output of f ( ) .
load data from file .
import a module .
remove any leading whitespace from text .
upload a file to the specified directory .
return a unicode string as a unicode string .
return a url for the current request object .
check for all of the current line in the given line .
convert a value to a number .
if the class is not set as a string .
test that the class is raised when the function is running .
compute a series of linear regression .
return the string representation of the string .
return a matrix to graph .
if a server is running .
create a http client http http http http http http http / * .
returns a random integer number in the number of bits .
print a message to a file .
create a new domain object for a service instance .
set ip to a device .
add a new security group .
call the named function in a call to the specified device .
main entry point for the main function .
test that x is a function .
language : fr - > sucess table colorless .
creates a filename from a url .
get equated paths .
return a string representing a p .
validate that the options is valid .
compute the power of two images .
a view that redirects all requests to the user .
code that runs the application application .
return the json representation of the given object as json .
convert an image options to a dict .
generator that returns a list of files from the given directory .
start the application server .
returns the value of a tensor .
return a matrix to be a sparse matrix .
check if user has permission to access on this action .
return a new dict with items from an iterable of items .
dump a file to a given path .
setup logging for the console output stream .
user login with login .
display the main dialog .
return a decorator that marks the function as an iterable .
returns true if the version is installed .
query results by a query .
convert a timestamp in utc timestamp to a datetime object .
check if the given path exists and the user has been changed .
run a single test .
get a entity path to a entity object .
parse a file .
fake version of default .
create a new pool object .
run the web server .
records a new user id .
show a message of html tags .
convert a string to a binary representation of characters .
return true if the given object is a class .
import a module .
ensure that two strings are not valid .
compute the variance of a matrix .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
set the log for the current thread and check the connection .
return a list of tuples for all of * .
return count of number of messages in the session .
a function that returns a function with a function with the decorated function as the arguments .
vertical vertical on an edge should be a vertical line .
print a list of available objects .
fix any existing directories that are not already in the same directory .
load the contents of a file .
hash a password .
decorator to run a function in a thread .
test when a single location is not set .
read data from file of column to read from table .
adds one or more input with the input of the input .
validate and validate a resource class name .
return a dataset of data .
creates source and returns a list of of lines .
statement : integer expression .
returns a list of all the models that are on the given model .
return true if user is a group .
get the url for a particular request .
returns the number of words .
set up the default values for a specific configuration .
test for numpy .
convert an ip address to a native object .
delete .
unary_expression : declaration_specifiers .
check if a given path exists .
return a string representation of an exception object .
log a message with severity error on the msg .
start the specified user cli example : .
return information from osquery cli example : .
handler for requests .
test if ip address is not set to instance .
test that the average does not exist .
return data to the current request .
test that the input is raised when the target is not none .
returns the proxy proxy device name .
recursively walk a node .
run a command .
setup the demo component .
return a list of the last data in the last line .
set the dictionary to be used in dictionary with the variable .
compute the linear f * * * * * using the function * .
return a : class : .
enable / disable an existing service .
show a single image .
make a 2d array with respect to the original .
fake function to be used with fake methods .
convert a sympy expression into a sympy expression .
set a child node .
parse a filename .
sends a email to the email address .
run a job in a job .
return a string representing the current users username .
generate a list of directories for each file in the directory .
send command .
convert a type of type of type objects into a python type .
system information type 9 .
execute a single process and return a new one .
return the user data as a tuple of the data / data / 1 / 1 / 1 / EOS
get new repository .
merge and merge two lists of arrays .
helper function to generate a unique filename for an object .
set the custom resource headers .
update the count to a running job manager .
get a value from the arguments in a function .
generate random string .
return a list of paths that are in the root of root .
return a list of source from source .
convert an item into a collection .
if the user has a specific code .
helper function to return a new value for a key in a given value .
a function to connect to a username / password .
decode a bson string to an integer .
helper to get a quota api call to a given project .
returns a list of tuples of the start with start .
return true if the given object is running in the volume .
main entry point .
run the specified file .
set the region for the region .
return a filename for filename with the given name .
find a dataset that is used in a dataset .
event : event : salt : events to the event log file .
check if the given option is the correct type of this is the user .
item view .
returns a function that returns a new one of the result of the given expression .
makes a test from distance between two points in a list of integers .
returns a user model instance .
generate a list of lists of lists of lists of lists of lists .
is this a package version of the named ( ) cli example : .
creates a new application instance .
index - > int .
parse the query query string into a query .
returns a tuple of the current time zone .
parse the environment of the proxy environment variables .
get a random mac address of a dataset .
get float .
load the extension in the list of lines .
enable the named service to start at boot cli example : .
save a new window to a file in a save / and save / and save the save / EOS
expand the default into the class .
set the default configuration for a vm .
render a template for context with template settings .
return a list of unique objects that have not found in given name .
apply a rule to a rule .
convert a date in time format to the native object .
update the metadata in the specified by the given location .
get the inset point with the loop .
set up the sensor .
return a cache instance of the result of a cache object .
fixture that sets the app and start the app engine app .
start the logging level .
initialise module .
decorator for functions .
load configuration from yaml .
return a list of view classes of a view function .
return a matrix to a complex matrix .
generate a unique id of a jid string .
if a filename is not valid .
return true if the item in an item in seq .
retrieves all volumes associated with given qos specs .
compute polynomial gcd of f in gf ( p ) [ x ] .
read a file and return the contents .
decode bson data to bson .
creates a new figure with the specified id .
test % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % EOS
returns true if all of the specified image in the given module is in the given version .
return true if the given node is a valid python source .
convert the device to a device format .
parse a configuration file for the given configuration object .
return the current figure .
return the mask of the elements in the array .
returns a string that matches a valid string .
list all available properties .
compute the inverse of p for each element of the linear kernel is the linear kernel is the linear EOS
api : accepts output .
start the specified service cli example : .
list all the api .
context manager to temporarily raise an exception .
bind the socket to a socket .
list all policy for a specific policy .
merge two lists of dictionaries .
parse the metadata metadata from a file .
test creating a new figure with no data .
get configuration from configuration and configuration options .
return the leading degree of the given array .
view for creating a request of http requests .
returns true if string is a valid string .
enable or disable model in the model .
expected __doc__ .
sum the shape of a single image of a tensor .
gets an image zone from the specified zone .
helper function to create a dictionary with keys that will be used with keys .
update the most recent date / time series .
get the site domain of an site .
test either if an error is raised when the target is passed .
update urls in urls .
convert an image value to an integer .
returns a string representation of a `` text '' string .
run the options .
makes a plot .
return a string representation of a python string .
save all the users into a list .
convert a user name to a cache object .
get one or more images that are in the dataset .
removes a thread if it exists .
decorator for views that checks the permission is in a permission .
return the number of seconds that have been run in the given string .
convert an integer to a binary representation .
gets a valid number for the specified number .
yield all the data from the command line .
run a single command line interface with -- return data .
convert points points to points .
compute the linear regression .
process the string s in a list of strings .
decorator that wraps a function in a warning .
build a list of tool shed from a tool shed to be used in a repository .
upload an object to an object .
returns a tuple of the state of the given state of the given object .
yield all the function from the cache .
get response for when transport=cli .
test either if an error is raised when sample is raised with wrong .
return the absolute path of * * .
move a stack of the frame of a frame .
checks if user is a user .
if the request is valid .
test whether an error is raised when an error is not binary or not .
gets a valid image name from the file descriptor .
format a stack of stack of a stack of stack of a stack of stack of the stack .
start a new task instance .
calculate the inverse of the color .
log the function of the current thread and log them .
setup the demo sensors .
return true if f is a k [ x ] .
create a new repository with the given name .
converts a binary string to a binary representation .
compute a vector of x .
check if a numpy array is a boolean array .
run the test suite .
fix any items in an instance of an array .
get the points from the points .
check for configurations .
send socket .
read a file of cache file and return the contents .
display the current salt process version .
get the number of bytes from a type .
compute a set of functions for all the specified output .
return a dictionary with information about the specified path .
handle a request .
deserialize the object from the object func .
displays all of a users dashboard .
removes the xml element .
run the sample from the api .
returns a manager from a class object .
set the tags on an instance .
logs a file of the log file at the specified path specified in the log file .
decorator to make a function from methods in a decorator .
check if the value of a tuple is a tuple of integers .
if the user has an s3 .
return an iterator of all pairs of * obj * .
get current audio output audio output audio output output stream .
run the given command .
get info about info from the container .
test that we can be used as a numpy array .
update an existing resource with the specified name and key .
restful crud controller .
json to render a resource in a resource .
returns the number of bits in a single string .
get all available regions for the amazon amazon amazon service .
return local mean of an image .
group - > int .
returns the module from the given module name .
get the pid from the process of a process .
returns a version string .
converts an integer to a string of prefix .
create a new user .
rgb to color color .
stop a node .
read a line from a file .
returns a list of columns based on the configuration and columns .
read data from file and return data .
install the package from the package .
helper function to get a valid layer name .
unpack the given object from the given object .
start a user .
returns true if input is a tensor .
register language support with the manager .
returns a dictionary of matching the given string .
creates a table .
run a command and write the output to stdout .
set the logging level for the current level .
update the config of a specific virtual machine .
encode a string into a byte string .
get text with spaces and end text .
return a and b .
return the number of weights on the system .
returns the given string representation of a user input .
parse an object .
parse the options from a tuple .
check if the given ipv6 address is valid .
validate user data for course certificate .
main program for the main process .
return a tensor with the specified axes .
install the pip install the pip install the python package in the given package .
index of an array .
generator that returns a dataset with the given dataset .
normalize an expression to be used for batch .
destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
return a list of the elements of array with respect to the specified axes .
returns a string of random numbers that can be used to compute node of n .
add a version of installed packages to the installed version .
test for raw raw html .
compute the weighted graph g for g .
escapes a given string for use in a url .
returns a stream of html representation of a stream .
raise exception if the given object is a quota class .
order by order of order functions .
generate a new language .
render a comment .
add a rule to a zone .
create a new client object in the specified path .
returns the value as a float .
a view that is called with token in the request .
test reading of header .
output with scenario .
returns a dataset of dataset from dataset .
decorator to require a snapshot exists .
compile a function into a dictionary .
add a new package to the plugin cache .
returns the current linux distribution .
return the path to the user-specific output directory of this script .
set the default colormap to current image if any .
escapes a string for use in a url .
parses the header .
return a list of fields for a field .
converts a datetime object into a string .
test plotting of dataset .
return a new git repository .
filters a filter out of filters .
initialize the module as appropriate for `` app '' .
test the cache of the first argument .
returns a list of test names .
load image of an image .
decorator to run a function in a test .
generate an keys for a specified user .
entry point for the main function .
add x and y .
check if a given path exists .
remove an iis service .
return a dictionary of information about the process of a process .
generate a new figure manager instance .
make a filename in the current directory .
returns true if the task is in the course .
get a dataset .
fetch a single time from the given path .
decorator for methods which are not available .
generate a new code object for the given arguments .
print text in a text .
process the email stream for a process object .
read graph in bytes from path .
create an instance of the specified queue .
ensure that all of a new package is installed .
return a generator that yields items from the queue queue .
remove all of the `` .
fetch a profile of the profile .
dump a file to a named container .
return a string representation of current line .
add a exploration to a user .
average / / / / / / / / / / exponential / linear unit / .
returns the cache key for the request .
test for issue # 1 .
verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
update status of a uuid .
returns a new image of the given size .
move to the word word .
returns the output of the given node .
returns the value as a unicode string .
run a command .
download all the data from the api .
writes the message to the error message .
generate a new message with the specified length of the specified length .
convert an array of array into a numpy array of shape .
signal handler for when user is created .
called when the command line is not being called .
compute the average loss for each layer of two images .
test whether a service is running on a service instance .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
event handler for the event log file is active .
a decorator that wraps a function in a lock request .
unpack an array of objects from the current array .
export a project .
decode the given text to unicode .
main program for the main application .
returns a list of files which have a given file name in the specified path .
add faces from the xml element .
ensure that a file exists .
decorator for functions that are not available to the function .
create a new security group .
return the value of the configuration variable .
check if the given module is in the given module .
destroy the named vm cli example : .
creates a new list of tuples from a list of tuples .
return a list of paths that match the given path .
copy files to a file in * * * .
reboot a new request .
get a list of page where the user has been changed .
get a list of resource type .
register the plugin .
sends a message to the notification of a message .
get the current host or none if the server is none or none if none set to a port EOS
validate a domain domain domain domain name is not domain or domain if a domain domain domain domain domain EOS
serialize a file in a format to a file in a mode .
convert s to s .
escape a string for an xml character object .
return true if the given object is a generator function .
checks whether the email address is valid for a email address .
return a list of users that are not in user .
sample from a distribution of samples from a distribution .
compute the mean of the mean of * * * .
display a gcode file in a gcode file .
returns active active translation object for a given user .
compute a matrix of results using a given covariance matrix .
restful crud controller .
returns an instance of a class .
decorator that adds the current transaction id to the transaction .
view for a password reset password .
creates an iterator over the contents of a template tag .
return a list of all the users .
sends a message to the email address of a message .
returns a dictionary of field of field of a field .
set the headers of a headers .
raise an error if the message is a string .
parse sql and return a sql class or as a tuple .
return a node from a host node .
search a search for search and search search for search .
gets the interface name of a interface .
stop a service .
return a list of file names in a directory .
generate an secret key for an secret .
return a python version of the python package directory containing the python interpreter .
convert an absolute link to a file link .
run the main loop .
convert a timestamp to a datetime object .
return a list of vm images for a vm .
upload a file .
test that a temporary directory exists .
return the number of objects in a particular object .
calculate the average of a dataset .
find a file that is used for a package .
split string into words .
if the input variable is of a node .
return true if file is a file .
return a datetime object for the current time zone .
get the matrix tetragrid from the tetragrid .
set the device to use .
statement : integer id | newline .
return a list of the inverse of f .
search for search and search for search of search .
returns a string of the current html tags .
decorator to require an instance of an instance of its class .
register a new user .
return the image object to use .
helper to create a tensor from a tensor .
return the path to an absolute path .
returns the expected latest version of a dataset .
calculate the score of a given score .
enable / disable enabled service .
update a resource and resource class .
if arg is a function or a function that is not a string argument .
list all quotas for a tenant .
parse a line of the next line of the given data .
write a list of edges to a file .
returns a list of resource ids in the resource .
list all api requests .
fixture to test with a warning .
fix the given name of the `` name '' is not found in `` `` '' '' .
compute average and variance from evoked .
return a list of tuples in a path which contains a value in the given expression .
convert text to html .
ensure that the directory of a path is in the directory of a given path .
ensure that the named service is absent name the name of the device to remove .
returns the active global value for the current thread .
delete a resource .
return a unique name that is unique to unique names in .
add a new instance to the named service .
parses a task queue .
test to ensure that a file exists .
test epochs .
return a matrix to k [ x ] .
write the output file for the given path .
delete a server .
get the evaluated dictionary .
if file is in / / / / / / / / / / / .
convert unit to unit .
fixture to run a test on a particular line .
return a new instance of a new instance of the data .
test whether numpy are not equal .
if the text is not set to a column of a column .
setup the local node in the current linux server .
get reference to the vm with the specified reference .
default view for handling requests .
get the inset path .
log a message if it is not installed .
return a list of tuples for each element in the specified sequence .
compute polynomial gcd of f and g .
get float .
wrap a function to run in an exception .
lists all available devices .
test that git can be set with -- version .
retrieve field list for a field .
test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
get the last line of a list .
get the console output of a server .
remove a course from all of a course .
return true if the object is a generator object .
test for issue # 1 .
return a list of groups that are on the user .
initialize the module as appropriate for testing of the application .
return x along the axis of an axis .
handle a course .
set the default group .
yaml : string a new job when the job is running .
fetch urls from a file .
change the users home directory .
replace the given group with the given group name with the given character .
build a class from a module .
start a service cli example : .
update the path to the sys .
returns the current instance id of the current instance .
get a service instance .
convert local timezone to local timezone .
makes sure that the value is a tuple of bytes .
set the default colormap to apply to current image if any .
remove the named group cli example : .
compile a function that will run in a new time object .
clears all the users home directory .
generate a random number of messages .
process the list of files for each test in the list of dictionaries .
given an event source mapping id or an event source .
return a list of all the files in the package .
compute the trimmed transform of a file .
open a file in html .
return n random representation of n .
get the inset loop .
return a string containing the lines of a line number in the string .
generate a set of arrays from array of arrays .
if the input is of a tensor .
return a string representation of an object with the encoding of the input string .
remove all images from a file .
return an iterator over the first item in a sequence .
make sure that the clip is raised .
update the cache .
creates a new figure out of a file .
return a boolean indicating whether the given value is in the given list .
get command line arguments from the command line .
load the data and return a dataset class instance .
return a list of available connection .
parse the header from an http header .
plot the given plot .
write out data to file .
update index for given unit .
check if request has been updated with the same arguments .
return a list of all the repository in the specified repository .
print out the output file in a text file .
assert that a and b are equal to the same .
generate an md5 hash of a given code .
execute a new user .
get logger for the logger .
get all volumes that match a given host .
return html string for the view of a file .
get a list of all the named repository .
return a dict of all of the state of the module .
add a product to the product of a product of product .
retrieve a list of courses .
return true if the given value is a unicode string .
return a list of the images that are on the provider .
get the notification notification notification notification by .
convert the configuration options to the configuration files .
install a package with package installed packages .
create a new figure manager instance .
if the current figure is active .
checks if a string is valid for the current user .
returns a dictionary of language information for each language in the language .
returns a unique id for a node .
restart the process with the current process .
set the logger for the logger .
decorator to mark a function as deprecated .
show the usage of the given usage : : return : true .
creates a new client for a service .
return a list of tags .
return the attributes of an object as a string .
create a user .
adds a new block if it is enabled .
stop the specified service cli example : .
list all role for a role .
retrieve a list of all available vm data for the specified host .
module homepage for modules .
extract section from section of section .
plot the plot of the plot .
clear the database .
list all the app .
generate random text .
get os name and set up the os / os / os / os / .
compute polynomial gcd of f in gf ( x ) [ x ] .
decode a list of strings into a single string .
runs a wsgi application as a wsgi application .
set a property in a form .
return a string to use as a dict of all of the modules in the device .
stop all running services .
close the current window and close the current window .
computes the log of samples of samples in the log distribution .
check to see if the named service is enabled .
returns a list of lists of lists .
initialize the function for the func .
copy the given file .
returns a list of targets that have been set .
if arg is not none .
returns the status of a page .
remove file .
decorator to mark functions as deprecated .
example of all the packages .
looks to see if present on the system .
compare two versions .
return only if all the modules are available .
return a version of the package available on the package available on the installed version .
remove all elements in sequence .
test to ensure that an error is raised when no .
compute the minimum of n of a set of n .
set the default colormap to current image if any .
handle all of a process instance from the process .
test to make sure that the request is raised when the user is called .
generate a url for a location in the location .
get the first item in the list .
call f with an exception in an exception .
compare package installed packages .
start the `` `` `` '' '' of a `` `` `` '' '' .
checks if the given option has been changed from the parser .
returns a property that will be used as a property .
calculates the log of the log of the log of the m of the log of n .
print the time .
get the url of the site url .
add the x intersection loops .
returns a function that returns a new instance with the given l { f } .
ensure that the service is available .
compute a linear order linear order ( x ) ) .
select the title .
returns the sum of the given list of values .
compute the maximum variance of the data points in the data point .
return a class instance for the given class name .
ensure that the plugin plugin is installed .
write a fif file .
return the url to the given image object .
run the main program in the given file .
set the windows module if the windows system is windows .
delete a url .
compile a string or an expression .
returns whether the given value is in the set of time .
create a new figure manager instance .
get a volume list .
map a set of sequences to a single space .
a decorator that adds a function or more than one .
returns a new document if the database is available .
return a list of images that are on the provider .
returns a list of all the named user .
test chart rendering with line .
returns command with arguments and xml root the root command .
returns a number of digits within a range of digits .
ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user the EOS
return a tensor representation of an array .
the response for a response with the specified response object .
return all app app app .
decorator that when an exception is enabled or from the signal .
formats a number as a float .
format a field for the given object .
get a group .
return the number of items in iterable .
render a form field to a form .
returns a string of the uid ( s ) .
parse the options and return a tuple of .
parse a string value .
create a new metadata cipher .
returns a dictionary of all the first item in the given document .
test time when the object is a float .
serialize object to the object .
return the hostname to use .
convert unicode to unicode .
normalize a single image name .
list all of a specific virtual machine .
returns a list of the series / index .
change the current directory of the current process .
update the instance of the class with the instance of the class .
returns the current date as a string .
test that the correct flag is enabled .
convert ip address to ip address .
calculates the size of the size of the block size of the block size of the block size of EOS
runs a function as an environment variable .
encode a string with base64 .
return a module object for the given module name of the module path .
list all available requests .
returns true if the dataset is a dataset .
test that the results from a file is run .
test validation .
log the message with the user specified by the user and password will be sent to the log file EOS
return a range of values for the given range .
run the test suite .
reference ( s ) : url .
process the query string .
returns a file of the contents of a file .
update a record object with the specified name in the specified record record .
if value is none .
test for a function using a normal distribution function .
load an image from a file .
returns a list of courses that have the given course .
create command line options .
log a message with the exception type .
check if a resource exists .
render a template .
test that the given path is available .
test that the dataset is raised by a theano matrix .
returns the batch of the given batch .
wait until the system has been set .
returns true if version is an version of the specified version .
returns true if the directory is in the directory .
test if a given path is set to the current process .
test that when all data is not none .
test whether the object is a mapping .
run a single project with a given project .
return a list of valid images .
return a list of config paths to the config dir that are set to be installed .
validate that the value is not a valid string .
returns a language .
parse the versions of a command line .
from url .
generate an expression for a specified class .
return an attribute of an object by name or attribute .
image - > array .
test whether an error is raised when x is different from the input .
test that when x is array .
test the application module with the same app application name .
parse the command line arguments .
reset the global state .
write gcode file for a gcode file .
initialize local node .
return a tuple representing the ratio of the given ratio .
generate a new node object for the given node .
add a graph g to the graph g .
make a directory with an absolute path .
create a new block device .
map : id | identifier .
check whether a course has been enabled on the course .
returns a profile object for the user details .
convert a tree path to a tree object .
set the default resource headers in the http response .
parses a relative path into a relative url .
build a list of strings .
write graph for a graph .
kbengine method .
displays a login form and post request .
test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
get the path to the hardware address on windows systems .
run the local cache of the local repository .
convert a path to a directory .
returns the expr representation of an expression .
return a new dict describing c { c } } .
load configuration from the specified file .
is the user a password system ? .
reset the directory to the default dir in the dir dir .
creates a new port on the server .
only load if the module is installed .
this is from a session object .
process the xml element .
returns true if the given value is a valid datetime .
log the user in with the password of the user .
run the command .
read a header from a header .
run code with arguments and stderr .
set up functions for functions that are not available .
a decorator that wraps a function in a thread .
returns a string of all the urls in the string .
section 9 .
creates an instance of an instance of an instance of it .
return true if the object is a valid image name .
find the minimum of an array of elements in an array .
parse a query string argument .
fix any existing directories that are not already in the same directory .
copy source file at * source * .
require the server to be installed in the server .
convert a string to a valid python object .
parse a list of available data files .
convert a json representation of a json object into a dict of json .
compute the average precision of the distribution of the distribution of the distribution .
removes all of string from the string .
return whether the given path is a valid file .
try to find an element of a string .
makes a plot .
validate that value is a valid document .
update or add link in the link .
run the action in the given action .
return the current app id .
sort the given ids of each of ids of ids .
get hosts from host .
delete a backup .
returns a list of valid images for the given user .
converts a python version of a value to a string .
return x .
return osquery information from osquery cli example : .
add faces from the loops .
compare remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote remote .
return a list of the configured vm data in the minion cli example : .
renders the account details .
return true if the path is in the current directory .
helper function to compute the axis of an array .
return a list of local nodes in a local directory .
add a new line of a string to a file .
remove all characters from a string .
wrapper for : func : func : py : func : func : py .
convert an object into a timestamp object .
show a new organization .
get the current locale data .
check if a process exists .
get info about info from info .
returns a function that will be used as a decorator .
convert a number to a number of values .
return true if two strings are equal .
build the request uri with google cloud storage .
returns a tuple of the form field for a given model .
return a list of vm data for the vm .
set up & run a hook for api .
install a package with the specified name of the container .
return a new : class : .
parameters year : int .
fixture to test with a test .
handle any exception in the stack for a given exception .
return a list of active arguments : arg [ : ] .
entry point for the entry point of a block of comment .
test that the class does not exist .
make a directory .
cache the response to cache for a request .
run the given code in the given file .
set the request to the server .
load data from the json file .
run a single command in the container .
apply a function to each image of the input image .
check if pid is running in the process .
update an integer limit of an object with the given string .
prepare the default task class to be used in the process .
draw a single tensor with an image of a given axis .
read a file and return lines from a file .
returns a form field for a form field .
returns true if the given value is true .
returns a html link to the course of a course .
return true if the tag is in this context .
returns a string representing the state of an object .
comment a comment .
compute the md5 hash of a response .
generate a new figure manager instance .
return a string representing the locale for the given locale .
test that when we can be run as a single test .
yield all the paths for all of the files in the given directory .
delete all of a given item .
when a user is created with a new user .
return a list of available cloud provider data cli example : salt myminion pagerduty .
remove any argument arguments from a dict .
return information about the named image .
test to ensure that state can be set .
get a list of all available images for a particular profile .
reset default values of params .
returns whether the user has access to access to the user .
return a new copy of a function .
if datetime is none .
build a configuration from a module .
update summary of all of the summary of a model .
test to ensure that the value can be used as a single class .
return a set of all the data in the given data .
return the linear kernel distribution of the given distribution .
creates a new user .
folder for folder .
add the current event to the event log .
test service account .
check that all of the correct model are of the same .
returns a list of pairs .
test that when we are not created with a space .
returns a course id for a user .
build and build a message with the given message .
convert an object to an object file in a source .
asserts the current environment is set for the test .
remove the text of a element and return its output representation of each element .
get the extension as a string .
print the representation of the given expression .
helper function to replace the `` path '' with `` `` `` '' '' '' .
convert a value to a native object .
creates a new store .
encode a container .
set the virtual module if the kernel is installed .
decorator for methods which will not be called with exceptions in the exception .
returns the distance between two v .
it should download and download from a package .
computes the average coefficient of a plot distribution .
set the login handler for the login / method .
wait for a loop to be used in seconds .
creates the directory for the current directory .
if you need to get an object .
return a new instance of a field .
api endpoint for api requests to the api endpoint .
return a tuple of the form of the string .
check that the value of a valid config option of the provided .
returns a code from a code object .
create a new user .
run html files for a certain number of files .
match the main entry of a list of [ 1 .
log a message with the log level .
open the given file in * mode * .
parse a string like `` / `` '' '' from a string .
helper to recursively walk an object tree .
returns a title for a title .
create a new base file .
returns a dictionary of { deferred } s : : { % } .
return a list of tuples .
return a list of available services .
return a configuration object for the given site configuration file .
compute the maximum distance between two points .
find an iterator over the block block .
enable a service .
return the current cpu times for a particular process .
order by the order by their corresponding to the order .
returns the number of a file in the given directory .
generate random numbers of dataset .
convert a date / time date to a date .
run the command line options .
handle the next service id .
return a tuple of the current process in the current context .
test that the clip works .
return a string representation of the given object .
decorator to set course task .
converts an email address to an email address .
creates the output of the file in the make .
test if dhcp options is not valid .
returns a class that will be used when the backend class .
handle the first event .
gets the sample from the collection .
compute nt zeros of the z function f ( x ) .
show the details of an account .
initialize the module as appropriate for the object .
remove a document .
creates a new task object .
delete a file item .
return a dict of entries for each entry in the specified data .
returns a list with the given length of length n .
convert text to a character string .
test that the results from an error is raised when the object is not a function .
if the variable is in the same way as the input ( x ) .
returns a new instance of a vm .
return a function that will return an object with the given prefix .
reads the contents of a url as a url string .
return a file containing the default output directory as a string .
returns a random random number of k [ x ] .
sets the session http requests to the session .
convert string to int .
returns the resource plugin resource .
helper for creating a message from a message .
validate the keys of a user .
context manager to temporarily temporary directory .
update a vm details .
creates a new account .
get the description of a release .
get a logger for the current logger .
formats a date according to the date format .
convert a polynomial plot of the form of the second kind .
parse a string argument .
add two points in the grid .
convert a dict of keys into a dict of dictionaries .
return a list of available package available on the system .
translate an entry into a sequence of strings .
delete a vm .
get the default location of the user .
creates a new client and start the start of the start of the start .
returns a list of hosts from a hosts file .
generate a new figure with the data point of the input array .
check if the given key is in the set of data .
get a resource type .
formats a date in the format .
new task form .
compare two paths by default to a local path .
set / get the path to the default site .
return a region of region .
filter out items in a dict .
test that `` items '' and items are not found in items .
returns true if user is a valid user id .
get new derivation .
test application with application application .
write a metric to a file .
gcode text .
build the default instance of the instance of the instance .
attach volume info about all of volume info .
download and return a dataset class .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a jenkins .
return a string representing a number in bytes .
return image .
get all resources for a resource .
get the vector3 path from the vector3 path .
convert text to html tags .
displays a list of messages .
compute the mean of the matrix of the matrix .
start a new process with the user .
run the server in the specified server .
returns the order of the order of a polynomial .
return a string with unicode character encoding .
return a list of all versions that are available .
parse a header .
returns whether the cache has been cached .
create a new user .
get a list of available services .
converts urls in plain text into html tags .
restart a process with the current environment .
test for get word from url .
generate a grid of shape .
return the job job job based on the job id .
compute polynomial gcd of two polynomials in x .
return the path to the device that is a positive integer .
send notification to notification notification .
test line with the input .
returns an object containing the data from the request .
helper function for the user to generate a single date of a single date in the format .
convert image to image .
return a list of file names of all the data in the given directory .
creates a list of tree for each item in the tree .
check for when x is raised if a line of x is not in `` x '' .
load an object from the full path .
convert a table to a table object .
set / disable state to a status .
call the function with the first argument of a process instance .
update a polynomial in k [ x ] .
return a new : class : salt myminion elasticsearch from the file .
test that the results of an image is called .
sets the version of the cache object .
displays a list of messages .
decode the argument to the arguments .
returns the version of the current linux distribution .
get the path to the native object .
show the details from the instance .
add a new entry .
returns list of users .
generates a password hash for the given password .
average the average precision with the average precision .
parse an xml file .
return a list of all the files in the given string .
get the remote branch to the remote branch .
parse the data from a file of a host .
convert x .
get user object information from user .
decode the output of a line .
get the comment url for the current request .
create a new tag .
search for name of an object .
test that when user is not installed .
print a list of available languages .
sum the sum of the sum of the distribution .
get the info about a service instance .
convert a value to integer .
validate the configuration and return a configuration and return a configuration .
returns a collection of collection ids .
compute a gaussian distribution for a given distribution of distribution .
remove any that have been set to a valid state .
get authentication token from the auth url .
returns true if the input is in the range .
simple view to get the current http requests .
returns a list of all the files from the given app directory .
change frequency of thread thread .
ensure user is absent on the user account of an email address .
compute an object for an object or function .
get the html of a markdown text .
this is the output of the object of the object of the object .
converts an integer to a number of bytes .
returns a random integer n from a random number .
return a relative path to the absolute path of the file of the file .
determine if the loop is inside the loop .
check if we can run a single space .
update the user with a given user .
get versions of versions of versions of versions of version .
creates an expression with the expression .
handle a post form for a post .
return a string representing the item in the item item .
parse a service .
build a request to the http request body .
decorator that wraps a method in a policy .
create a new : class : class : .
return true if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example : .
parse the contents of a file .
returns a new sequence of length n .
parse a command line output .
update a tenant with a new id .
truncate by date .
start the code in a temporary directory .
returns a string with the specified id of the given id .
check that the available version of available .
test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
build a list of modules .
convert a matrix to a list of matrices .
draw the figure to figure in the figure .
remove the comment comments .
generate a new file containing the list of files .
add the x segment for a segment .
process the arguments in the process .
create a media .
return true if graph is true .
convert a timedelta object to a tuple .
start the application server .
run a command line command line usage : : url .
raise exception if the given object is a context class .
gcode text .
initialize logging for the module with the root logger .
test line with a line and a line .
returns the current active thread .
return a list of all user objects .
get new repository .
sends a request to the request api .
create a server and connect to a server .
create a new instance of a class instance .
parse the command line options .
compute connectivity for each row of a matrix .
display a file in the text .
generate a new figure manager instance .
compute a hash of the given file .
print a summary of the result of an api call .
test when path is created .
get an instance name of an instance .
returns a list of nodes of nodes .
called by the servicetester in order to test service api call .
returns a random number of random values .
converts an xml string into a xml object .
the main function for the salt .
set the virtual module if the kernel is available .
remove the test data from the test database .
return a list of files in the directory .
return a string representing the default value .
return a list of lines that are not found in the given prefix .
returns a service instance to a vm .
generate a temporary file with given name .
return a list of arguments from the given file .
create a new block device .
open a file in binary mode .
return true if the http response is enabled .
search for a query .
restful crud controller - used for options .
return a string representation of a given string .
generates a message with the public key key .
generate a hash of the given string .
set the path to a directory if it exists .
make a directory .
delete a site .
check for a pid in the pid for the process .
display the main dialog .
return a value for the configuration variable .
get a network interface for a specific virtual machine .
return the first configured instance of the minion cli example : .
api : send a test notification .
clear the search index .
compute the mean of the mean of mean of values .
return a string representation of a file .
returns true if the given set of ip is enabled .
get the carving for the file .
formats a date as the time since that date .
compute the matrix exponential using an array .
read a value from a file .
return a numpy array of * * * .
convert an image object to a container name .
call a command with arguments .
decorator for marking the function / function / method as a decorator .
custom method to create a new one .
check to see if a cluster exists .
fill a plot with the given color .
decorator for functions .
makes a generator of a file from a particular object .
returns the unicode value as a unicode string .
return a graph with n nodes .
call the section 9 .
test the fitting method .
print a message .
format json as json .
upload a file to the image .
import the plugins in the given plugin .
converts a string to a valid string .
return a list of all the code that match the given code .
write a sequence of data to a file .
generate a new image metadata for a specified image .
return a random timestamp object with a time in the given date .
parse a list of words .
generate an epoch .
validate that value is not a valid integer value .
resource headers for the provided host group .
redirect an http requests to an http / url .
run the main application .
decorator that wraps a method in a method of a method .
return a length of the length .
register a new event handler .
get a list of users that are in the given user .
compute the inverse function of the inverse function of the inverse function .
create a new language .
called when the process is run in the process .
yield n elements of a sequence .
select the * n * n * n * .
restart the named service cli example : .
check if a given app id exists .
returns a wsgi application instance .
open a file in a text format .
generate a random filename .
return a list of tags that are tags in the specified tag .
helper function for returning a list of permission objects for a given policy .
detach volume information about all of volume info about available .
render an error page .
view the json with the json .
call a function or raise an exception if it exists .
tests that when a single type of type is called .
write a filename to a file .
determine if a process is running .
sets the user id in a user .
return a list of all available modules that have been imported in the given module .
decorator that calls the function in a thread .
run a single command in a given list .
pointer : id .
return the logging level level .
returns true if the user should be used .
return length of length length .
yaml : jenkins-wiki this plugin allows you to the jenkins : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : EOS
returns the message of the public key .
build the default language code for each element of the list of each item in the list .
normalize an object .
return true if the given value is a float type .
apply the line of the line .
get the file directory from the filename in the directory .
tests that the creation of a given datetime object is enabled .
fixture to run a command on a running thread .
format a field for a group .
convert s to float or raise .
compute the linear regression loss between the vectors of the distribution of the distribution .
call the function with a new message if it exists and the result is not be called with a EOS
return the n integer n .
run the git commit .
delete a file .
removes a course .
sort a list of sort instances .
make sure that the function is installed .
print out the summary of a queue .
sets the color .
test for issue # ) .
returns a list of template data from the given app engine .
initialise module .
parse an api endpoint .
return a list of elements in seq .
make a request to a method of a method .
return a list of all the directories in the given path .
test either if an error is raised when the ratio to fit is raised .
compute the mean of mean of mean of mean of mean .
return the inverse function of the inverse function of f .
convert an integer to an int .
calculate the mean of an array of values .
generator that returns a string of integers .
open a file in a list of open file .
run the main application .
delete all the data from the specified device .
main entry point for the application .
load a certificate from a buffer .
returns a json for a course with all of the specified course .
generate a random integer size of a block .
test that the command is not being run when the user is not running .
creates a field for a course .
attach a json column to each object of the queryset .
returns a tuple of the given line .
apply image to a image of image files .
ignore warning .
helper function to convert string to bytes .
return a list of file extensions in the directory .
three number of characters .
return a generator of lines in the file .
adds a new app to the app .
get the global variable * name * .
restful crud controller .
configure logging to stdout .
retrieve all volumes in a volume .
returns true if a is set of characters in the given sequence .
convert a list of columns into a single column .
read a tag from a file .
decorator to add a request body of the request body of the function to be used in the request EOS
convert a module name to a python module name .
write a xml string to a file .
find image object by id or id .
return a parameter value for parameter .
redirect to a given url .
run the shell command .
create a network interface .
parse a file containing the contents of an extension .
determine if a given object is a tool .
returns a new response object for the given resource id .
average the average precision with each character in the range .
add tags on a user if it exists .
wait until the server is running .
print a message to output .
get the grains from the grains .
compute the kernel between x and y .
test whether the given ratio is valid .
get the path to the parent directory of a given path .
generate a random string of length .
expected __doc__ .
gcode a gcode linear move file .
get the profile profile file name .
returns the signature of a secret .
convert a list of items into a dictionary .
status edit .
make a directory .
return a function that returns a new value for the given function with the given name and name in EOS
get all files in a given file object .
tests that the creation of a file object is not available .
generate a new random integer .
convert text text to an html document .
converts value to an integer .
run a specific version of the installed packages .
check for file existence of line and end .
returns a dictionary of matching a set of strings .
remove all handlers from the logging .
write a list of all the files in the specified directory .
test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
execute the given image as the default arguments .
run a single command in a single thread .
return the filename of the given filename .
get the path to the git repository .
return a list of all available vm images .
return a string representation of bytes .
get the loops .
return a new graph that contains a number of items in a specified sequence .
return a new version of the given object .
returns a tuple of two numbers of a single dimension of x .
render a template .
decorator that run function in subprocess .
return a list of block for a node .
read data from a table .
guess the type of a file .
get the first text of a single line .
calculate the hash of the current file .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
helper function to replace html with html tags .
convert a vector of integers into a tuple of integers .
return a list of tags .
initialize the module .
set the log instance of the instance .
return a string representing the contents of a file .
if the environment is not none .
plot evoked data .
print a list of all the interfaces .
render a xml string .
estimate rank of a matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
return a dict with all of a given id .
compile the target .
settings and print a new figure out of a particular application .
return a path to the device device .
convert an image array of shape into a list of shape .
convert an exception object to an exception object .
strip leading / string / o / o / string .
compute the linear kernel decomposition .
returns a tuple of two tags .
split a list of components into components .
run the given function in a shell .
yield all of the objects in the given code .
returns the value of the client .
write text to a file .
find a specific configuration file for the given path .
return true if the value is a sequence .
parses a command line argument and returns a dictionary of yaml .
return the distance between the * x * .
returns a function that returns a list if a key is not none .
restart the named service cli example : .
executes the given table .
returns an instance of a class .
test reading and ensure that the tool has been installed .
remove an iis virtual server group .
return a file name corresponding to a given file name .
return if we are local or not in local .
return a list of file names in the given directory .
delete a service from the specified service cli example : .
retry when an exception is created .
convert a timestamp to a timestamp object .
returns the minimum of an array .
test installing a wheel using pip install -- path .
get the hash of an object .
get encoding to the encoding of the stream .
test either if an error is raised when x is different at x and y .
get the data from the minion .
return a clip with an expression .
get a list of all search index .
return a new expression with an expression .
create a new text object with the specified name .
return the path of the file that is used to the file .
create a new instance .
create a new dict of tags from a dict of tags .
get status of a vm .
return the symbol used as a function of a / b .
remove any `` special '' from `` `` '' '' .
find a specific type by name .
output the device to the device .
return a list of installed packages cli example : .
check if all of the setup are available .
test for issue # ) .
parse an object into a tuple .
return the first table of the first line in the given table .
add the value of the first tag .
return a list of all available directories on the specified provider .
test for issue # delete .
get a set of image properties on the image of the image .
a view that displays the request .
view that returns a list of http requests .
calculate the average of the average of a distribution of n .
get reference to the info object .
if you want to update an existing event .
find a package name in the given path .
set up the current python version .
kill a process with pid from pid .
compile the function to compile a function .
decorator to run a function in a transaction .
elementwise norm function .
get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
returns true if the given message is valid for the given class .
converts binary representation of ipv6 string to int type representation .
start a server .
returns a user object with given user_id .
returns the environment of the current environment .
encode bson .
return change over time for the requested metric .
update site .
validate the files in the list for files .
run all tests in the tests .
find an iterator of objects from an object .
generate a message for a method .
update the cache directory .
draw a color image .
get a resource uri .
list a floating ip .
yield keys from a dict .
converts value to text .
stop the specified service cli example : .
generate a configuration file for the specified location in the configuration file .
run a command in a subprocess .
for a given function that returns an iterator of integers .
escape a string for use in a url .
returns the global global configuration for the specified global .
parse an http header into a uri .
returns a response for a given key .
helper function to return a list of order by a given order .
returns true if a yaml file is a yaml file .
convert integer in bytes of bytes .
convert an xml string into an xml representation .
setup the demo sensor .
return a single image of an image .
calculate the generator that will be used to generate the info of each input .
get paths by paths .
event manager to default event manager .
a simple entry point .
remove dependencies that have been dependencies .
define a function for the given function .
determine the character representation of a matrix .
returns a string of the length of a set of characters in string .
plot the plot of the plot .
calculate the average of a dataset .
test for object .
format an array with given number of bytes .
return a json object corresponding to the given url .
returns an instance of an appropriate app .
get the current set of * x * .
return a list of attributes for the specified object .
check if the address is valid on the ip address .
clean an html string into an html fragment .
clean up files in the given directory .
setup the demo sensors .
decorator to require an action to be called with a action .
return the package type of a package object .
looks to see if present on the system is present on the system .
return a stream of the stack trace .
feature should not be called when the feature is enabled .
returns a dictionary with keys that are in the given dictionary with properties of properties .
delete user account .
fake function to be called when the target is called .
decorator for marking the function as a function .
send a notification to a notification .
returns the given html .
delete a table of metadata .
decorator for methods which require the datastore is to be used .
get the default value of an object from the default config file .
recursively convert a list of dictionaries to a dictionary .
set global variables for all tests in the module .
connect to a host group .
return the number of active cache .
returns a new field for a given field .
make sure ast cant compile invalid invalid if .
test for # 1 .
create a new instance of a class .
initialize the module as appropriate for the application .
request the course info in a course .
validates that the length of string is valid .
generate a single line number for an image .
returns a list of ip addresses of a given ip address .
return a list of all of plugins in the module .
get a list of available images from a user .
get a list of hosts from the proxy settings .
return a path relative to the os .
returns a dictionary containing the values of the given dictionary of the given dictionary .
get a resource resource factory method .
execute a single action on a given action .
test if the id is set to test .
decorator to mark a function as being used by setting up .
load data from a dataset .
normalize an expression to be used as a valid python type .
delete a specific database .
ensure a node is present on a node .
reads the contents of a file as a string .
test that the given path is true .
check if path exists and is valid path or if it is not found .
fetches all threads for a thread id .
print a list of all of the apps in the current environment .
delete a document .
build a list of versions from a list of versions .
creates a new api endpoint for an endpoint .
run the main loop .
step that creates a step table .
context manager to temporarily create a temporary file .
error checking for checking on error .
view for a user .
register a new python function as an exception containing the specified name .
this method is used to retrieve the correct api endpoint for the given image to the method is used EOS
print text .
returns the version of the file .
replaces space character ( ) with a random character ( ) with character ( ) with space ( ) EOS
creates a new activity stream .
get the current movie position of the current image .
returns true if command is a single command .
returns a list of table names in the table .
displays a site with the site .
stop the specified cover .
download a package .
read matrix from a matrix .
run command with arguments and return its output as a tuple .
gets all virtual interface from the virtual interface .
step feature with step .
create a new project .
format a list of message ids .
parse a client run and return a tuple containing the values of arguments .
returns a user id from a user id .
find a tag that is used in a list of tags .
make a function that returns a new tuple .
load only if boto libraries exist .
displays a login form for a login form .
wrap a message with the message .
import a template from the template context .
translate data into a dict of output data in the output .
return line with lines and line number of lines .
delete tags from a resource .
join a worker or a thread thread .
move a file or directory .
check that the length of a dataset is a valid image of integers .
displays a document .
return a mock patch for the given object .
get field value from field .
load a certificate from a certificate .
set the path to the salt master file on the master .
yaml : jenkins-wiki create a new job .
decorator to mark functions as an api method .
converts an xml string into an object .
parse an info file .
sort a list of sort by the sort key .
return true if the given value is a list .
raise : if error is not none .
convert a path to a native object .
set the format of the format .
execute a single action .
step representation of a single step .
read from a url .
check whether the user has been set in the same .
remove an exception from a hook .
return a list of all the files that are on the given package .
only load if the postgres module is available in __salt__ .
compute the inverse of a matrix .
returns true if the input is valid .
returns a dictionary of all the output of a given node .
decorator for marking a function as an instance .
insert role into the database .
get a list of lists for a specific data .
update / update / time since the last time .
return a path to the user-specific data directory .
convert a list of strings to a list of strings .
clear the cache .
assert that the given instance is the class from the given instance is the appropriate .
delete a vm .
returns true if the node is an error .
update a users .
get the info about the info of a specific grid .
wrap with action to handle requests .
returns true if task is a task id .
generate a new figure with the specified shape of the z .
return a tuple representing the current time zone .
return of the encoding of the given string .
returns true if stream is valid stream .
map `` `` '' '' with `` `` '' '' '' with `` `` `` '' '' '' '' EOS
execute a git repository from the command line to the specified directory the name of the container .
download and download a dataset .
returns a new : class : class : bool .
split an expression into lists of lists .
run command with options .
set up & run a new figure with the default .
print a message to a file .
show image information .
search for course and request data for a course .
convert a cookie to a cookie .
callback for when an object is called .
print the representation of the expr .
get the path to the users password .
get or create a user .
tests that the creation of a file extension is set .
create a new ip address and return an instance of the appropriate ipv6 address .
sends a message on a topic and sends a message on a response .
creates an extension in the given path .
execute a message on the given message .
check to see whether the file exists .
entry point for module execution .
get the domain name of an xml domain name the domain to the domain name of the domain to EOS
set app engine to a new app .
process the xml element .
returns a dictionary of the form field of a word .
logs out the user from the access .
get the raw path to the device directory .
returns the current language .
rgb to rgb color space conversion .
update download / create a new task instance .
returns a module name for the module name in the module .
main entry point for all the files in the given directory .
ensure that the package is installed and is installed .
compute the dot product of the x .
yaml : url this test files are running as expected .
convert a sequence of dictionaries to a list of dictionaries .
returns true if the value is a string .
convert a file of / / etc / o / o / o / o / .
request the http response from the server .
call the function * * with the root of the root of the root logger .
generate a unique hash for a user .
remove search options that are not valid for api call .
step of a step .
return a new copy of a string .
convert an array into an array of arrays .
create a new fake backend instance .
a decorator that adds a function to a exceptions that will be called .
list all available account cli example : .
get the git version of git command line .
print a list of available vm .
this will store a list of available template tag .
update a group .
test events for events .
helper to find the start of a string .
generate an filename for filename with the given name .
computes the average precision of two images .
deserialize a stream or string of stream .
returns a tuple of the iterable .
set the cookie for the cookie .
start a process with the specified name .
return metadata about the server .
return true if f is a valid python function f in f ( ) .
assert that a is not b .
convert a db id to a dict .
convert a json object into a dictionary .
guess the extension for a file .
computes the mean of the dataset of points in the dataset .
create a new l { deferred } instance .
decorator that checks whether the current value is in a valid string .
returns a function that will return a new list with the given id .
merge the list of dictionaries .
convert a text value to a native string .
return true if the given process is running .
filter out data from a single field .
get the number of the minimum of the minimum of the minimum of the minimum .
compute the md5 hash of a user .
run the tests of the environment .
multi-dimensional binary filter .
create a group .
run the python shell in the environment .
converts a value into a string with name of the corresponding to the corresponding character .
returns a manager from a course object .
ensure that the named vm is absent name the name of the name of the provider .
return a new list of available regions .
sends a user .
update volume specs for a volume type .
returns a list of the elements of [ x ] .
process the xml element .
compile a source file .
check for a start of start .
takes a dict of dictionaries and returns a dict of dictionaries of dictionaries with values that are of dictionaries EOS
build a test suite of test classes from a module .
return a continuous random variable with a constant distribution .
return a hash of bytes .
generate n random data .
set up the device .
creates the main program for the given script .
run the given test suite .
sends an email notification with the specified user .
copy a new one element of the source .
read lines from file .
converts an xml tag to a tag .
get a list of translations .
function for creating a new pool for a specific endpoint .
run a query and return its results as a list of dictionaries .
get a value from a specific type .
parses a password from a file .
return an instance of the current context .
convert image to image .
return a string representation of an integer value .
search a template for a search search search for a search .
write a gcode linear move file .
split text into lines .
convert an integer to a timestamp string .
helper to get an expression that is a rule .
return output of time .
decorator for functions that require several values in a function .
copy files to each of the list of paths .
return the number of bits for an error .
single item view .
expected __doc__ .
set the value in a boolean value in a boolean value .
get a base object or a object .
return method object from method .
set the zone for a zone .
create a new service instance .
decorator that will run a task in a task .
create a node from an instance of the node .
install a new image on a specified name .
parse a tags and return a list of tags and a list of tags .
draw a new figure with the given width .
three number of characters .
update metadata in metadata .
generate a random integer value from the range of a range .
template context for index .
convert string to int .
update a new activity stream with the given activity .
check that the request is valid for the specified id .
tests units can be set with a unit .
show the text of the current word .
get available memory for current system .
sends a request request .
return default directory path for the current directory .
generate a plot file .
gcode text .
decode encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded encoded character .
display a graph .
return a random expression representing an expression .
generate a new location object for the api .
setup the demo sensors .
for each task in the queue .
generate a unique id of a process instance .
stop the default application .
returns an iterator over all of a particular block .
check to see if the device exists on the device .
return a list of dictionaries .
returns a boolean of whether the given value is of the argument .
execute a single process on the given cluster .
check for a valid line of a source file .
remove any metadata in the specified lines .
displays a template variable with the current language .
make a process of process .
ensure that the names of a function is set in a given value .
get group information .
return a tensor with values for an image and mean of the mean of an array .
action for the action in the action .
number of characters .
return the encoding of the encoding in the encoding .
patch the patch of a patch .
generate a new line number for use in a file .
return the product of g .
get a network to a network .
returns a new dict with all of the original .
view for product view .
verify a config from a config .
displays a single line number for a node .
setup the demo sensors .
check if file is a valid output file .
set a key / value pair in the datastore .
compute the dot product of two strings .
signal handler for course update summary in the course .
convert image to rgb color space .
return the endpoint url from a url .
return a function that can be used as a function or function name .
query a resource .
gcode linear move file .
extract all the files from a given directory .
return the number of times that are in the same .
get a uri from a uri .
generate a list of tuples for each element in a range .
delete an elb .
return a string representation of a value .
returns true if the field is a field .
builds the environment for the environment .
return a string representation of the current line number of data .
main entry point for the main application .
evaluate f ( ) - > f ) call f ( ) .
search for all the available data in the search query .
lists all the tenant to a tenant .
get response for when transport=cli .
run a service command and returns a list of arguments .
parameters used : array .
request a response to a request .
apply role for facts .
returns a function that is used to check if a course is in a course .
test either if an error is raised when sample is raised when sample is called with a wrong .
compute the score of a score .
return a matrix to be a single range of integers .
parameters year : int 1 .
gets the log of the module .
returns a collection of collection .
return the registry of the specified registry .
creates a generator object for each object in the generator .
tests units can be created with a single user .
helper function for creating a html html string .
run a single process in the given list .
compute the inverse of an array .
decorator to require a snapshot exists .
calculates a public key given a string .
run the command .
decorator for marking the function and returns a function .
compute the average precision of n x n x n .
print a message to a file .
create a new title .
create a new api service instance to the api version of the api .
return image type .
restful crud controller .
if input array is in an array .
outputs the first variable passed in the first argument and return the first block .
parse an expression into an expression .
write a list of page .
assert that the given datetime object is valid for the same .
create a server .
this is a function to make an empty string .
list all available cloud provider data .
decode a bson string to bson .
find all the users username and return a list of all the names that are in the user .
delete a new item .
return code .
create a new figure manager instance .
create a new network .
only work on posix-like systems .
run the endpoint in a server .
convert a column of column into a column of column .
helper function to retrieve a course object from a course .
set the images in an image .
set up the sensor .
reads the api and returns a response with the specified key .
get a list of all available requests .
get a value from a request body .
fix any urls in a single file .
convert a disk to a device name for a given device .
add table to the table .
convert a list of strings into a tuple .
helper function to get an instance of a provider .
convert an image file to a url .
ensure all of the methods are available .
delete a instance of record from instance .
attach a json column to each object of the queryset .
return the value of the text .
return a new dict that contains the keys that match the keys of d .
create a continuous random variable with a continuous distribution .
set a video option as integer .
check if we have a new version of a new location .
get the service status of a service .
required method to auto register this checker .
logs the user in the log .
returns a json representation of a python object .
returns json representation of a json response .
return a list of all user defined in the current user .
convert a topic resource to the native object .
return a list of all available base classes .
test that when input is not a single input .
delete a test .
write a fif file .
main entry point for the main program files .
render a field in a context .
if a table is set to a table .
return a random integer representation of the given distribution .
return metadata .
load a entity .
main entry point for the main application .
adds a new api to the api version .
create a link link in a link .
test installing a package with a wheel .
return a list of n .
get a list of cpu process with a specific name .
command : id .
calculates the length of the first kind of a sequence .
create a new figure manager instance for the given target .
resource headers for component views .
get all of the tests .
return a list of cpu times as a tuple .
test action with action .
helper function for the output directory .
returns a list of table names in a table .
test if the number is a number of integer .
parse a cookie header into a cookie .
returns a dictionary of all the specified id of a given id .
convert an object into an object .
returns the text of a python code .
start a vm .
run the exception from the given exception .
return a string with the number of the string in the string .
return a list of the sum of each element of a given distribution .
return a new version of * * * * .
elementwise exponential function .
returns a new email address for a user .
list all available vm cli example : .
read a file of bytes from the file of a file .
return a path to the absolute path of the file in the given path .
test mne raw .
copy a file .
show a single test .
print out the status of a file .
get the default location of the current site .
print a list of role .
checks if a given id is valid .
return true if a package is installed in the specified package .
attach a json queryset of each object of the queryset .
patch patch as a function as a decorator .
get names of config and add .
returns a dictionary of matching the given string .
stream of a file in a stream .
return a list of roles that have been created on the roles .
verify that a dataset is not valid for the given dataset .
install a single package .
calculate the hash of a given header .
input : output .
return the size of the distribution of the distribution .
refresh the current database cli example : .
set the source .
create a new variable with the same name and add it to the value of a variable .
test for issue # columns .
returns a tuple of ids of the first kind of ids .
make sure that the input is correctly .
apply method to an api call .
decorator to execute an api call with arguments and return an exception as an argument that is not be EOS
creates a new database file .
print a list of available data .
copy the language from the language .
test when import .
update the version in the latest version .
return local mean of an image .
converts a value to a string representation of a template .
returns the output of the given expression .
resize a file size in bytes .
ensure that all keys are present in user .
fixture to generate a fake config object for all the tests .
add a code to the extension code .
format a datetime object as a string .
decorator for views that require a user be logged in a particular request .
sends an email notification with an email address and send it to an email .
set the flag for the list of flag .
check for file files in the list .
load only if boto libraries exist .
return a list of available process objects that have been modified on the system .
verify that an instance of a class is valid for the given app .
remove a user from the specified virtual machine on the system cli example : .
get path with prefix and xml element .
return package name .
apply the given function to a group object of the given object .
generate an http request object .
format a timestamp to a datetime object .
returns a list of the `` model '' from the `` model '' .
test that the dataset is properly .
reads a line number of lines and returns a tuple of lines .
create a new block device .
computes the inverse of the distance between two arrays .
returns an instance of a dataset with the given dataset .
return a new datetime object representing the default .
return the number of groups in a group .
set whether or not the set of all installed apps on the system .
generate a unique id for a given user .
test that the test works .
install a package with the specified name .
plot data of a plot .
split host and port .
makes a fake version of a l { deferred } message } from c { deferred } .
return a path to the native object .
compare two files .
create a new client .
list all api calls available .
show the details from the specified vm .
return a slice of items from a string .
make a xml element .
merge multiple sorted into a single sorted .
generate a new master key .
converts a range of arguments in a range to a specific range .
get the hardware address on windows : return : boolean or none if available .
returns an iterator over all objects of an object .
move a file to a path to a directory .
extract the contents of a file to a given filename .
map function to tuples .
set whether or not the container is set to the container .
return a new product of two points for q .
show a single profile of a specific user .
apply the root of the theano variables .
converts urls in plain text into html .
request data from the response of a certificate .
test that the input is raised when a list of strings is not a single .
add a axes of the given axes .
find all the main program for the given path .
get a value of a specific type string .
get a path to a page with the current site .
build a yaml object from a string .
set the device to use .
decorator for methods which checks the response in the response .
return a dataframe with all of values of a given distribution .
decorator for functions .
compute the image of the image .
copies query string to a query object .
returns a list of alias alias for the given alias .
converts a datetime object to a datetime object .
creates a function that returns the last function as a string .
update the api version with the specified name .
function for the log of the queue .
validate and raises an exception if an object is a type .
images - 1 of shape of images with shape of shape - 1 .
convert a value to a boolean value .
return the process id as a process instance .
parses schema to a schema .
get all services for a service .
make sure that the user is not installed in .
display a default site .
run the given command line in the given mode .
return a list of file names in the given directory .
find a string in a set of words .
return a list of valid images in the user [ 1 ] .
setup virtual machine .
resource factory method .
returns a http header value for the http header .
get the source space of a source space .
returns a list of all the nodes of the tree .
parse a string according to the color .
return a string with bytes as a byte string .
return a new graph that is the average of x .
find the last element in a string .
output a tree to the graph .
add two lists of lists .
compute the precision of the y distribution of the y .
returns the slug for a given slug .
merge two dictionaries into one set .
encode the images in the images in the images model .
enable the service .
read data from file .
parse the command line arguments .
copy the given object to the original .
returns a user id from the username / password / password / .
return a matrix to m matrix that are equal to 1 .
parse the json response from a request .
return the object corresponding to the object corresponding to the object .
returns a list of template fields for a given template .
delete a metadef .
parse the message of an email header from a file .
return a function that returns a function with the name of the function .
returns the static file path for a static file .
create a continuous random variable with a distribution .
parse a query string .
context manager to cache the named service .
drop sequence of text of a sequence of sequence .
decorator for tests .
run a single module in a single python module .
display a message .
return a string with length bytes .
return a query string for all the specified query .
signal handler for course .
mean absolute error function .
api : accepts output .
returns a string of the last modified timestamp of a user .
parse an expression / search values for search values for use in search .
mock bytes for str ( ) .
a view that is not a login user .
load a library library library library and return a library instance .
add an array of zone to the pixel table .
get info about info .
use this to check if a file has been modified in the same list .
this is the user from the page of a page .
helper function to parse the json and send the request body of a response .
test that you can not be used with a site .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a job .
convert a dataset into a byte string .
generate a package distribution for a distribution of distribution .
decorator for methods that require the target to be passed .
returns a message id for a given request id .
makes a range of a start of a process .
create the test suite for the test suite .
returns a service instance to the request .
makes an environment variable .
move to the tables .
parse a string like `` / `` / '' or `` / '' .
return iterator over the item in seq .
generate a random matrix of x .
returns a new body object for the content type .
sends a message to a user .
helper to apply an expression to an expression .
reads the config from the config file .
write a list of objects to a file in a given order .
set the title in the current locale .
write a number of bits in a file .
test that the object does not be used when the same object is used .
create a new figure with the specified text .
returns a function that returns a new list of items of items .
set the minimum filter for the current thread and height .
sends a message on a topic with the response .
decorator that checks the command line argument list .
returns a package version as a string of package in the package .
makes a and b from a and b .
remove tags from text .
return a list of the minimum of the minimum of the point .
returns a dictionary of all the keys of a model .
load the contents of a file containing the contents of the specified file .
creates a new file .
compute the exponential decomposition of a matrix .
validate the settings of the settings .
decorator for functions that are not in an order .
returns the class from the given string .
returns a user id for a user id .
return a string representation of the current vm .
creates a new session .
show a single command line number of a file .
gcode text .
generate a key from a buffer .
return true if we are running in a particular application .
event handler for event handlers .
return a string representation of the format data .
returns a function of length n from a domain of order .
handler for requests to the app engine api call to the path of a wsgi application .
return a unique name for the named service .
get action from action or if necessary .
delete a table from the database .
return a search query for each search of the search of the search of the search .
get a specific id by name .
returns valid string of valid format valid default .
test that the input is raised when the input is not binary .
test that the group of an error is raised .
check if a given path exists on the system .
returns the instance of the instance id of the instance .
make sure ast cant compile invalid invalid invalid invalid .
return list of file paths matching the given text .
convert a dictionary of tags to a dict of tags .
loads an object from the given path .
get loops with loops .
validate that the files and return a list of paths are valid for each file .
compute the log of the function of the exponential function .
upload a file to an s3 object .
remove a file .
sort a list of tuples .
return events for a file .
test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
map template variable to a map file .
return a dictionary of information from a process instance .
returns a list of tuples from a list of all of expressions .
check if the given module is loaded from the module .
if request is available .
set the parameters in the params .
helper function for the output of a rule .
write a set of to xml .
convert numpy array to rgb color array .
generate a new api request .
change the group of a user .
return the number of release items in the current file .
test that a certificate is not a valid certificate .
return a volume list for a volume .
list the available package cli example : .
returns a column column that is used to be used in column .
helper to create a device variable with a block device name .
converts a value to a boolean value .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a build process .
retrieve the contents of a given host object .
get a value from the first key .
return true if the given url is a url .
destroy the agent delete id .
return a dict of all of the devices of the current device .
returns whether the user is in the course .
returns a new document if the user is valid .
convert f ( x ) into a polynomial f in k [ x ] .
query response for a resource .
only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
calculate the number of n n in the order n .
returns a boolean of whether the password is in the password .
returns a tuple of of two images .
return an array containing the elements of an array or none .
test either if an error is raised when x is not binary type .
replaces space character with character ( ) with space ( ) with space ( ) with space ) with EOS
calculate the average of the distribution of the distribution of the distribution .
parse the api response data into a dict .
create a new list of xml .
validate that the keys of a keys are valid .
compute local variables of the local function .
return a response with the status code .
returns the hostname of the current host .
load all the files in the directory .
upload a file to a user .
computes the exponential distribution for a distribution .
test if we are running in a proxy device .
return line number of traceback in the line .
split a list of strings into a list of strings .
create a fake os .
returns a list of models for all models in the given app .
compute the number of zeros of a tensor .
parse a line of text data from a file .
extract all images into a single image object .
return a string with all the pattern in the string .
returns a new instance of the appropriate class .
create a temporary directory containing all of the files in the given directory .
elementwise exponential function .
get a console output from the console output .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
return the given string representation of a byte string .
validates the user from the app .
convert a key / value pairs into a dict .
test for # 1 .
set the text .
convert a number x to a number of bits .
return a revision hash of the current revision .
check if a given path exists .
handle a single request of messages from a user .
get an md5 hash of the specified file .
create a new security group .
compare two keys for keys .
returns all available languages .
delete a host key .
build a device from the device .
get a list of all the ids in the specified id .
return true if the object is a class instance .
lists all the ids in the specified id .
return a list of random numbers .
return a new options object for the given options class .
check that the next item in a field is valid .
compute the power and apply the two points .
helper function for random integer n from the given distribution .
convert a tuple into a tuple .
find an object in the form of a particular object .
return the native type of an object .
get the segment segment .
get the complex polygon .
get a remote resource from the given path .
returns true if any of * run in * .
open a file in binary mode .
returns a new session object for use with the current request .
return a new image object .
returns a list of the base [ x ] .
get the number of tuples in a series .
removes a tenant from a tenant .
packs a property into a property .
create a new connection .
set up the test configuration .
render a template to a context .
setup the session .
a wrapper for pythons urllib .
delete the default page .
get the current axes .
return a new dict describing a new value .
test the behavior of -- user flag in the list command .
compute the linear regression .
truncates a string after a certain number of words .
get a session object .
initialize the module as appropriate for setting the current site .
check if text is available .
get stats for all the vm .
sends the number of data .
computes the inverse of inverse of inverse of f .
change all of the api key / value pairs in a particular list .
convert a datetime to a datetime object .
stop the given expression .
format a line to a line of the given line .
generate a dataset of lines for the specified dataset .
helper function to generate error messages .
decorator that apply the decorated function to the target parameters .
return an absolute path .
check the user for a password request .
enable the root package root .
find a cluster instance id from the master vm .
return a value for use in a uuid .
gets the default profile for the profile .
test to make sure that a file object is run .
return a matrix that is the maximum of g in g .
create a server instance for use in a server .
generate a user id from the user .
returns true if the request is a valid request .
get state of a state .
make sure ast cant compile invalid if it is invalid .
context manager to execute a command .
set up the sensor .
add a network to a specific ip address .
compute the linear regression .
returns whether a course has access to access to course .
process - > list return : class : process .
read graph in bytes from path .
run a command and return its output as a string .
get the default value of a process .
year - > date / time date / time date in the date .
return a list of active modules from the minion .
set whether or not the same variable is the same as the same .
convert a datetime object to a datetime object .
normalize a single format string .
returns a list of pairs of edges for each row of the specified class .
parse a range of values into a list of range [ 0 .
add a list of available services .
returns the language code for a language .
return true if the header of a header is a header .
returns a snapshot object .
check for configurations and if the required configuration is available .
return a list of all job ids .
yaml : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki .
convert a value to a parameter value .
returns a list of all the data from the given cloud provider .
convert an array to float of numpy .
disable the next page .
default view used for testing .
returns a new figure manager instance for the given input .
pack an object into a field .
convert an image of the current thread to a dictionary of information .
returns a dictionary of all user groups with a given user id and a set of values for .
returns the first element of a single `` `` '' '' '' .
run a filename in a filename .
return a hash for a file .
convert json object to json .
extract the images into a dataset .
generate a cluster with the specified cluster .
declaration_specifiers : lparen id .
return a matrix of edges .
run command and return code .
returns a tuple of length 1 if the string is not set .
return a random groups of length n from the given groups of each object .
return a dict of image properties of image and properties of image .
yaml : jenkins-wiki execute a build command .
replaces space character ( ) with a new character ( ) with a new character ( ) with a EOS
only load if the profile module is available in __salt__ .
convert a value to unicode .
average precision with given pattern .
get new repository .
sort the given order by the sort order .
load data from an object .
convert the xml element to a path xml element .
sends a request to the specified project .
compute the average of a vector .
get the repository constructor .
delete an existing volume type .
estimate the rank of a matrix .
test installing a wheel using pip install -- prefix .
remove a repository .
map - > list of map file name - > function map name - > string map .
returns true if g is a positive integer .
normalize an option type .
returns a form field for a db .
returns the version of the git repository if the version is in the current git version .
language : - > sucess colorless .
only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
returns a list of labels for labels .
return system path to the system .
list all the yaml job .
returns true if given file path is a valid html file .
create a new user .
process the xml file at the given path .
test installing from a wheel .
multi-dimensional binary transform with the input .
generate a random uuid .
return a list of all the directories for the given application .
return a list of options that have the specified job id passed to the given value is the first EOS
decorator for methods of methods .
reset the current line .
create a new directory .
run the main application .
return a slice of the list of points in the given range .
send a message to a users notification .
lists all available regions for the specified region .
return true if the process is running in the specified context .
insert data into the array .
get a container container from the container container container container id * * * .
reset a vm .
return the metadata in the pack directory .
calculate labels and labels of each row of each row .
helper to get / create a new figure .
return a list of nodes that are not installed .
run command with arguments and return its output as a string .
yield items from the given iterator .
creates a new context object in the given context .
add / delete / update / index to database .
returns true if the given list is a valid figure .
convert a time zone to a time object .
start a new environment .
return a new graph that can be used in a node .
creates a new tag for the current thread .
convert a file of html entities to a html string .
return a config object for the current configuration file .
creates a new datastore instance of the datastore api .
return a new model instance .
set a value in a cache instance .
process the key to the specified key .
return the contents of a file .
assert that the instance of an instance is not none .
return a string representation of a text .
gets the current figure .
create a new network .
pack an array into an array .
returns a dictionary of existing mapping command line options .
return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example : .
convert raw raw raw value to raw raw integer .
copy files from source to target .
creates a list of tuples of a single distribution .
returns true if the given message is a rate .
run a job from the queue .
find a test suite for a given test suite of test suite .
return a list of lines from a stream .
returns a table object that can be used to display a table .
return a new image object with the specified size .
returns a json representation of the given value .
return the number of edges in a graph .
only load if boto libraries exist .
returns a copy of the parent of an element of the parent .
return a string containing the last line number of a traceback .
compile a tree into a tree .
return a function of n items from seq .
delete a user .
list all of installed packages .
return a string representation of the given data .
compute size for a file .
test that a package is installed .
if any .
run a command and run the command .
check whether the target is true .
find a package in the dataset .
log a message with severity error on the root logger .
return a list of valid image names .
check version string to version 1 version .
decode a dictionary of keys .
return a matrix to p .
return cpu times as a tuple .
three number .
calculate the score for a given number of seconds .
convert a path to a native path .
returns a new base class object .
open a service instance in the service .
generate a random number of bits from a range of digits .
create a new config object from the appropriate arguments .
generate a number of bytes from a string .
returns the id for a given id .
compute the minimum of g .
if a binary is in the range of a given number of characters .
statement : integer | integer | newline .
run update of command in a new environment .
skip test if condition is true .
display a list of files for a given user .
find a network in a network .
check labels of labels for labels of labels and labels .
compute the average precision .
find executable in the directories for executable in path .
execute the command as a dict with arguments .
return url of an image url .
split host with host and port .
return a function that can be used as a tuple of items .
convert from [ x ] .
make sure ast is invalid .
parameter : string .
rest controller .
query to retrieve a project from the model and return it .
return a list of all the extensions extensions in the given directory .
check if we are running in a given path .
configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the twisted mainloop .
return matrix to scale by angle .
parse an absolute file into a uri .
dump a block of block objects into the block device .
remove any `` / `` / '' / `` / '' / `` / '' / `` / '' EOS
initialize all the database .
return a list of all the available package available on this minion .
check if all available requests have been set for all of the current process .
read data from a file .
check that all of a cluster is running on a cluster instance .
format a list of tuples .
match the given regular expression match .
builds the config spec for the vm config spec .
retrieve a quota or raise if it does not exist .
get the first word of a pair of two numbers .
test link with links in the link .
stop a vm .
extract action from resource and action .
return a list of locale settings for a given locale .
checks if the given arguments are valid .
return a namespace representation of an attribute from an attribute .
read a float .
computes the mean of the vector of a vector of points .
returns a course to the course that is in the course .
test source space of source space data .
this will store the current language code in the context .
return the time format used by the locale for the specified format .
determine if the loop is inside the x segment .
return a string representation of a python object .
convert a 3d array of coordinates to a numpy array of zeros .
return a list of all available items matching the specified path .
parse an http proxy server into a dict .
patch logging to the logger .
returns the edges for a node from the graph .
find a network by id or id id .
toggle data register bit .
view for json .
update or create model class with fields in model .
helper to set the location in the location .
remove an api hook from a hook .
return the location to the vm .
run all the tests in a specific list .
disable the named service .
update a template file with given template .
delete a specific argument .
convert string to list .
only load if the module is available .
print a list of objects .
run a single server .
return the matrix product of two matrices .
iterate over fields in a field .
split a pathname into two points .
print a list of users .
process the output file .
determine if a media type is a media type .
print a list of urls to the current site .
return a new instance of the hash object .
build a filter object from a string .
returns a list of words that are not available .
only load if boto libraries exist .
generator for text in a single space .
convert a sequence of lines to a dict of pairs .
convert a unicode object to a unicode string .
patch patch for a patch instance .
convert a number to a string of bytes .
process request and return data .
recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively recursively update keys .
creates a new : class : request object .
list all the profile in the specified profile .
update metadata metadata for a resource .
test that invalid ip address are valid .
generate a list of nodes in a dataset .
generate a random string of a random password .
sends a message to the request .
set the title of the current title .
get the value of the integer value of the integer value .
returns the email address of a user .
return a start with start and end of the current process .
encode the input .
enable or disable log the current process .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
load information from the backend .
return a variable with the variable name of the variable .
start a service .
delete a label .
test user with email email address of user with email address of email address .
return language code for the current language .
returns a new http response object with the http code and http code .
extract text from html tags .
initialize the module as the user to connect the host the host server .
get the text of a file .
returns a polynomial of f in k [ x ] .
compute polynomial gcd of f in gf ( p ) [ x ] .
add / update existing node .
return a list of all available regions .
returns true if all the nodes in the given search results .
initialise module .
return the items of a set of items .
gets the user from the request or raise if it does not exist .
converts image id to image format .
compute the derivative of a function of a matrix .
yield for all modules in the format modules .
returns current current time in current time .
select data from a events .
set the level level for the level .
convert array into array .
reload the cached cached cache .
returns a domain object containing the value of a domain record id : str or domain name of the EOS
convert a range of range into a tuple of integers .
set a query parameter to a url parameter .
system information type 9 .
find the n elements in an iterable .
parse the address of a mac address .
mean absolute error .
check that the user has been changed from the request .
entry point for the device .
get a class by name from a module .
convert an integer to an integer .
check if a given file exists .
add parameter to parameter list .
run a process with arguments and return its output as a tuple .
list all of the data that are on the provider .
update a volume type .
return a dictionary of all available vm .
change the users password cli example : .
convert an object into an iterable .
decorator for views that checks whether an object is not a node .
generate a text string from an iterable of lines .
calculates the minimum of the maximum of two sequences of two sequences .
handle exceptions .
create a new site .
set the default colormap to apply to a dataset .
run the tests in the complete .
execute a single command and return the output as a dict .
show a document with given a single index .
generate an iterator over a random number .
return number of cpus in the specified vm .
return a tuple representing the current time zone .
returns the of the elements of an iterable .
show all the figure in the figure .
convert an image to float value .
convert a class object into a class .
generate a unique id for a particular cluster .
returns a new product of the first element of the function of the first distribution .
helper function for creating a single image from a url .
read a file of a shell from the given file .
helper method to generate a single course .
update user profile .
return the default log .
helper function to check if a key is a value or key .
return a filename to filename in the current directory .
update the specified host .
convert a file of text to a html document .
decorator for functions that require an argument .
makes a function that computes the linear regression of a matrix of x .
get the distance between two points in a distribution .
expression : string .
remove all of the files that are not in the given source .
plot the plot of the plot .
delete a query with a new character .
return the path to the program if it exists .
create a node from an instance of an instance of a node .
download an action to a cache action .
compute the inverse of * n * .
yaml : jenkins-wiki a job log .
search the search for a search query .
update a profile .
render a template to the given filename .
calculate the mean of the mean of the distribution of the distribution .
get the accessible attribute .
generate a test suite for the given test case .
destroy the image and destroy the vm .
removes a single id from a user .
return a list of the current system .
plot plot of x .
fetches the translation object for the current language .
class decorator for methods of methods .
restful crud controller for options .
same as a / b .
test for issue # rgb .
load the certificate from the specified directory .
remove a volume group .
load data from data .
test fit and mean of binary data .
return the path to the static file .
return a list of tuples for each row in the given filename .
return version from version .
return limit limit limit from request or limit .
email address of email address email address .
convert a column into a column object .
returns a dictionary of all the versions of the version .
return image mode .
convert hex string to hex string .
generate a new build file for target .
enable / disable layer instances .
makes a filter .
parse a boolean value .
displays the request headers .
returns a string of the first argument of a process .
a view that renders the login page .
return all of the instances in the specified vm .
returns true if and only if the given value is equal to 1 .
main entry point for the main application .
add * * * * to * axes * with * args * .
create a new clip .
returns a string of the given string value .
generate an xml file from the api .
returns a list of table names in a db .
adds a new task for the given task in the graph .
request container information from the container container container container container id container container container container container id * * EOS
check that the specified of type of a policy matches the specified policy .
element-wise square .
creates a url based on the client .
returns a raw value from a raw object .
encode a string to encode the given length .
list all extensions .
generate nodes of g in g .
checks if a given image is valid for the specified file .
return class object for method * of * .
test whether a path exists .
checks if a field is valid for a valid image .
main entry point .
enable or disable a disk image .
returns a list of course which the course is enabled in the course .
returns a message message .
run the `` harvest '' command with `` `` '' '' '' .
only return if all the modules are available .
return a path to the package directory of the file in the given path .
check whether the specified interface is enabled .
compute a set of result .
escape all characters in text .
returns a value for a request parameter .
if the ratio is set to 1 .
tests that all of a project with all of all of the given language .
return a string representation of an integer number of characters in the string .
get an instance of an instance .
return a string representing a list of strings .
create a volume type .
update a cache container .
check for space line .
parse a string argument .
generate a temporary file that is used as a temporary file .
test decorator for arguments that are not used as expected .
return a list of unique elements from * obj * .
computes polynomial gcd of f in k [ x ] .
sends a message to the given message .
return a unique unique unique unique identifier of a list .
returns a string representation of a field .
run command with arguments and return its output as a tuple .
split a string into an iterable of words .
test label label .
get a task object to a task object .
get policy for a given policy .
return a new filename based on the filename of the python source .
returns the file path of the current file .
context manager to temporarily raise an exception context .
reload the app the webapp context manager url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : EOS
convert a json array to a native object .
return the hash of a given name .
adds a summary of a summary of a summary .
generates data for a dataset with the given data .
extract the json from a json body and extract the body of the body of the body of the EOS
return a new list of files that have been created with the given name .
delete a zone .
usage : : lx ( ) .
create a new instance of a certificate .
update the profile with the specified profile .
get the evaluated float .
test that the results of -- user can be called .
raise an error if the error function is not found .
sort a list of unique elements .
add `` `` '' '' and `` `` '' '' .
sample from distribution of distribution .
creates a new dataset with the same arguments as the same .
check http requests .
get equation for spherical z .
display a group .
start a user .
decorator to require an authentication function with a specified arguments .
add two numbers .
list all of the groups in the specified package .
return a new : class : meth : meth : py : func : rtype : rtype : EOS EOS
delete a feed item .
test command for command .
return the number of seconds that are not in seconds .
creates a new client .
test installing from a wheel .
formats a date as the date format .
compute the matrix of a matrix .
write a list of points to a file in binary format .
compute polynomial gcd of f in k [ x ] .
plot plot of a plot .
convert a file to a path .
return a string that is not found in the remote repository .
return a list of open file names in a text .
hash a password for a given password .
returns the first element of a tensor .
add a new plot to the user .
returns a random integer representation of a random number of bytes .
write a file to a file .
return a list of packages that are on the root of an object .
convert an image object to a figure .
parse the settings from an ip address and return a list of ip addresses .
compute the linear regression .
ensure that the collection is loaded from the function in the collection .
ensure that all of a path is not in the given path .
add the output of the output .
return a new : class : .
install a git version of a string .
test either if an error is raised when sample is different at fitting and sampling .
join a url with a relative url .
convert image array to image array .
generate a list of lines from a text file .
returns true if the given number is valid for a valid region .
return a version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
test that the output from the object is not set to the first value of the first .
set up the test user .
return a sorted list of strings .
return the request url for a requests .
set current audio output .
returns a tuple of two images .
return the degree of a function that are in k [ x ] .
generate a new random file .
this is a deprecated version of the current app engine function in the context manager .
return the exception status .
start a vm .
serialize an exception into an exception .
run the tests of the tests in the tests .
fetch image from google cloud storage .
return a hostname to use .
return image object to use .
set up the default parameters .
normalize a single name from the `` name '' name '' .
returns true if and only if the user has been changed .
convert a email address of a user id to a group .
get a string representation of a given width .
get the inset loops .
document view .
adds a single course id to the course id .
load the data and returns a dataset class instance .
update the instance type with the given instance .
makes a request to the auth info in the http request .
get the float string .
returns a wsgi application that is used for the application .
render an existing page .
returns a list of links in the comment language .
generate a set of samples from a dataset .
return a list of files that have been modified .
run the main application .
find image data from the provided uuid .
redirect to a new project .
returns a string representation of an ipv4 address .
convert a filename to a filename name .
return a dictionary of time zone as json .
build a tree for the unit tree .
logs the user in password .
create a new user .
convert rgb to rgb .
new task form .
warn if dependencies arent met .
convert a model to a model .
render a form field for a form field .
return a list of images from a particular module .
split a string by spaces .
return a list of all the files in the given package .
log a message with severity error on the root logger .
returns a stream of given object containing the given stream .
returns a boolean indicating whether the value is a dictionary .
evaluate the image at the specified image .
return a list of image images for the specified vm .
print a list of tests for tests .
calculate the number of n for each list of of n .
get the value from the integer representation of an integer .
test when we have a single random number .
get password for a user .
returns the root axes .
load and return a new instance of a new registry .
creates a new : class : class : .
get a request body of an http request body .
check if the value of a field is valid one of the current .
initialise module .
parse an http date string according to the date format .
a function to run a function with a new one .
test configuration .
run the app engine on a specific environment .
test for # header .
get the xml api .
creates a new theano tensor with the given distribution .
return a matrix of random matrix with random numbers .
docstring for : class : py : class : cmd .
write resource to disk .
initialize the parameters .
patch the log file to the log file .
get number of cpus in the current thread .
get a list of flavor access by name .
send a message to a notification .
convert a timestamp to a timestamp timestamp .
statement : integer id .
generate a new model for a given extra extra extra .
convert a uri string to a uri uri .
configure the global settings in the current environment .
get api endpoint for a given api endpoint .
calculate the mean of the mean of an array of data .
returns a sample of sample from sample .
write a new image file to a filename .
parse the header of a test .
show a message of html tags .
helper for the expr ( ) .
get a user id for a user .
update a record object with the given name or id .
helper for methods which will be called in a field .
remove an element from the list .
get a list of all resource properties of a namespace .
return the mask to use for .
returns true if the script is a script .
remove any `` value '' from `` value '' .
test with an error .
return true if the input is in the input .
if the given path exists .
execute a single image of the given source .
check if a cluster exists in the cluster .
write a table as a fixed width table with no column .
returns a new : class : http instance of the http / .
test that the input is not a single integer .
generate a test suite of two random variables .
get a context object from the instance .
convert a string of characters in a string .
returns the node from the given node .
add a function to an existing class .
setup the app .
generate a new config file for the specified location in the specified location .
return a string representation of an int .
get an object for a user .
change the group of a group .
check that two packages are the same .
get the points from the point in the loop .
image resource factory method .
replace the given object with the given name .
returns a list of services that is to a given service instance .
calculate the histogram of the image of a image .
calculate the average of a distribution .
set the response to the http header in the response .
parses a string representation of a python object .
compute nt zeros of the z function of x .
product of * * * .
run the release command .
sort a collection of collection .
compare two sets .
generate a new random id .
returns the id of the client id for the specified app id .
read json data from json .
calculates the size of the most recent data .
ensure a cache group exists .
save output to stdout .
test that we can be run from theano .
returns the version of the current python version .
checks if the value of option is valid .
test that the json call is not set to the given object .
test that the class can be run with the same name in the test .
stop the specified log .
escape a string for an input value in a given string .
write a numpy array to a file in a fif file .
gets information about an instance .
get a public key to the public keys .
generate a new figure to file .
set up the kernel module if the kernel is installed and the kernel is installed .
sets tags on a user .
convert a polynomial character in k [ x ] .
return line number of lines in the file .
parse a string of an integer .
load dataset from yaml file .
create an empty string representation of an object .
change the root directory of the user .
resolve an object or name of an object .
returns a list of default local node .
skip a test if a database has been created .
generate a new block device mapping from course .
test that when we can be run as a new one .
get a certificate from the request section .
return a string representing a number of bytes .
find image files in the directory .
run the main program for the service .
if user is set or not .
check if the header of a given header is a valid header value .
outputs the contents of a template tag .
check whether the given bucket exists .
return the path to the group that the given file is in the given directory .
return true if * * * * is * .
handle exceptions .
test for when x is not a and b .
if you have a new or method .
send email message to email address of a process instance .
return a list with elements that have been set to a key .
return error code for the given error code .
cache file output from the cache .
returns a new figure with the current figure .
returns a table of column from the table .
helper to format a string for printing of `` 1 '' .
validate the arguments and kwargs .
return the device name of a given file .
new project form .
parse a string argument .
multi-dimensional size .
write all the files to a file in the given directory .
return the version from the minion version .
returns true if the given node is a set of nodes of g .
get a version of the version of the version .
creates a new request object with the http request data .
return a version of git on the current revision .
read the contents of a file .
create a new figure manager instance .
add the x intersection loops .
convert a dictionary to a dict .
format a block of lines from the block of lines .
returns the number of a string representing a number in a specified format .
remove all files in a directory .
get all instance virtual interface for a given instance .
returns a dataframe with all of the specified distribution parameters : dataframe : dataframe : array_like .
send a message with template tag .
convert a source file to a url .
build a build file from the build environment .
query the data for the current page .
convert a path to a file : / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
update the certificate in a certificate .
converts a model to a model .
return a list of tuples containing the output of each input file .
display a list of all users .
convert a text string into a human-readable value .
open a url in a remote url .
return the list of metadata .
print a list of items .
remove a server .
returns the default storage instance of the request .
get the first line of the first character in the split line .
formats the template variable as a dict with the specified arguments .
print a list of available vm .
status edit .
decorator that adds a function to a callable .
estimate distribution parameters of shape : array of shape of shape of shape : int .
query a service .
delete a vm .
start a session .
test the fit sample .
get a list of valid ids of a particular type .
group role by role .
format the jid jid .
convert a value in < / > to < / > .
converts an integer to a string of bytes .
compare two dictionaries .
compute the distance between two strings .
returns a list of filters that are not present in the user .
decorator for tests .
set the default rules for the current configuration .
returns a form field for a request .
returns the maximum of an array .
delete a specific api call on a given output .
expected __doc__ .
check that the user can run for a specific test .
return a list of available vm or on the specified port .
calculate the inverse function of the inverse function of the inverse function .
validate the given metadata type of an account .
helper function to convert a string of a sequence of tokens into a tuple .
return the host of a host in the given host .
apply a function to a group of f .
return a polynomial in k [ x ] .
returns true if the url is a valid url .
delete a device .
set the signal handler for signal .
return size of size in bytes .
start a service .
returns a datastore key from the datastore datastore .
api : accepts output .
returns the path to the directory of a given directory .
convert a value to a message object .
this will store a list of language information about the context for each language .
run a single server .
log a message with the log of the current image .
ensure that an object is raised when given a class name is not none .
get the current process instance of the server .
return a list of paths that are on the specified path .
set links to the source .
return true if the link has been updated on the given link .
run a job from the job job .
return a dictionary of information for an object .
when a step is called with step .
formats a time in utc .
return true if the list is iterable .
run the test suite .
evaluate f ( x ) for a polynomial f in k [ x ] .
retry the function f ( ) with an exception if it is not none .
converts a tag to a token tag .
given a valid certificate .
creates a list of tuples for a user .
find the first file in a list of strings .
generate a new image array from specified shape .
run a single command .
update group type group .
retrieve enrollment data for given user .
check if a module exists .
run the application in the proxy device .
returns a list of all files in a given directory .
remove a `` `` '' '' from a `` `` '' '' .
returns a string with all the characters in the given string .
return data to a log file .
returns a form field for a field .
returns an instance of : class : .
run the command .
write a new block representation of a block function .
patch request object .
returns a random integer id .
convert a list of row into a dictionary of column names to each row and write them in the EOS
return a tree for a tree .
raise an exception .
make plugin available .
find a stream and stderr from a stream .
return a matrix to be a valid window .
returns true if the current thread is running in a transaction .
send a message to the socket cli example : .
returns the value of the first field of a given string .
calculate the time for a year .
convert a row of a row and write the result to a row .
decorator for views that require a user be passed to a function .
return the auth info from the auth info in the auth info .
create a new options object with options .
return a list of enabled services cli example : .
load app engine to the app .
returns a random string of an iterable with all random elements in a random string .
list all available networks .
set the device to use .
returns a service instance to the service client .
get the matrix tetragrid from the tetragrid .
return true if process is running on windows system .
return a list of all available images in the cache .
decorator to require the admin user .
create a client object with one or more options .
returns a instance of the instance of an instance .
generate a new user .
return a list of unique ids of image names .
show the details from the specified instance .
set the value of a key .
postfix_expression : lparen expression rparen .
returns the number of bytes for a process instance .
return a list of n elements in a text .
print a status of the job status .
find out which contains files in the given source .
get the path to the resource file in the directory .
if the input is in the file .
sends a message on a topic and sends a message on a response .
recursively walk a directory tree .
convert a timestamp to a timestamp object .
computes the average of a tensor .
return a point between a point and a point point .
return line with line numbers of source .
set the kernel module if the kernel is installed .
decorator for f .
set the value in make .
convert the id of a matrix to a specified matrix .
run one or more than one call .
return the job id from the config file .
tags are not being installed .
make sure the user is in the current site .
parse a map from a string .
statement : expression .
move a vm into the instance and store them into the instance .
remove the current figure .
decorator to require a user .
ensure that we have a specific version of a specific set of tags .
get text .
convert a config object to a dict of package names .
get a text of a child node .
return a dictionary of information for a user cli example : .
adds an argument to an existing one block .
ensure that all of a particular attribute of an existing package is set .
returns a list of all the courses in the specified course .
loads a dataset of data from file .
returns true if the value is a string .
wait to see create output .
binary length of binary length 1 .
install the python package .
get a media list instance .
process the input from the input is the input .
update the first api with given id .
register a new backend backend backend .
test for html tags .
delete a vm .
test for url in the list command .
print a list of messages .
set / create a new group .
return size of a given path .
same as a b .
apply the command to the logging configuration .
ensure that a configuration file exists and is set to the configuration .
internet gateway filter by id .
return a list of pairs for a given width .
calculate the average of a model .
send notification to notification with given notification .
build a list of plugins for each node .
test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
parse data from file .
check that the package exists .
helper for : func : meth : dict .
scan for one volume .
test that all of the api call are set and that are not installed .
ensure a named vm is absent name the name of the key to remove .
ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove .
make a new figure with the current configuration .
remove a course from all of a course .
update an object .
create a new block usage key .
update the named database cli example : .
generate a hash of data from a given string .
make sure that the dataset works with the same shape .
delete a specific entry .
returns true if package installed .
return a string representation of a text .
change the value of the current thread variable .
return a new image instance .
creates a feed .
return a function of the last code of a code .
return the path to the git repository .
insert a point into the point .
sum the sum of the sum of the function .
returns a dictionary of lists of lists of lists .
call a section 9 .
return a new hash object for the given string .
returns true if the given string is valid valid characters of characters .
view a json with json and returns a json string .
log a request to the log of the request .
if the variable is set to the value of the unit of the unit .
convert an ip version to an integer .
update a package in the files .
ensure that the volume group exists .
returns the product of two elements of a and b .
quotes an url if it isnt already in a url .
get all volumes that match the specified cluster .
returns a list of fields from a list of fields .
filters out arguments in a filter file handle .
decorator to require a key is enabled .
json in python 2 .
a decorator that applies a function that returns a new plot matrix of an exception of : class : EOS
helper function for the x m functions .
copy an object from the given source to the given line .
get new derivation .
returns true if the specified field has a particular type .
extract the response from a http response .
load data from the specified registry .
makes a simple entry from an object .
return a new instance of the current request .
print a list of messages .
adds a user with a given bucket name .
convert x .
get a module or raise an exception if it exists .
show a series of series / index by a new line .
move a file of the corresponding to the corresponding representation of the corresponding representation of the object .
install the target for the target .
return a list of tuples .
returns a tuple .
test whether numpy are equal .
if the datetime or datetime is none .
return true if the current environment is running .
check that all of the file contains `` header '' is not a list .
returns a string for the current settings .
get a profile instance .
create a temporary directory from the given path .
create a new vm .
gcode text .
return a copy of the file with the specified location in the given directory .
make a directory .
convert integer to date .
convert an item into a new item .
remove a single id from the api .
generate a key .
get response for when transport=cli .
create a network .
test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
returns a unique identifier for an iterable .
check if we are valid .
returns a new app object .
returns a connection object containing the backend details of an instance of an instance of the backend class .
run a command .
apply the input and returns a tensor of shape and the input .
replace line with a single line in the current line .
clean the tree of a tree .
convert an uri into an uri .
context manager to temporarily run in the given directory .
call the user .
converts a color in color to color space .
input is the number of lines and returns a tuple .
list available services cli example : .
run tests with the given results .
returns a numpy array of shape and dtype .
patch logging to the logger .
parses a timestamp string with the given number of seconds .
return a dict of the objects that can be used to .
set locale from locale and locale in the locale .
function for deleting a specific version of a function .
convert a value into a boolean value .
run a function with a lock on a callable .
step step definition with step 2 ) .
return true if graph is a graph .
get the complex matrix .
create a volume group .
convert text to a file .
initialize all of the global variables as defined in the global dict .
return a dictionary of keys that are in the keys of an .
removes the string remove from the string .
return a variable with the variable variable with the variable * variable * .
guess the number of an image .
returns a new figure with the specified number of bits .
set the kernel module if the kernel is installed .
check that all of a random state is in * .
get and display the entire directory .
input from input .
return the stream as a string .
generate a list of bits of a list of bits .
preface and convert an gcode text .
compute a precision in a range .
computes the mean of mean of mean of mean of mean .
check that all of the distance from the right of the right is the right .
if the user has an existing package .
return the host of proxy proxy .
computes a model of x .
return a node of g in g .
create a table of account from the table with the provided column .
get the group for a group .
ensure a named vm is absent .
set role for options .
test that the dataset is within a dataset of model .
require a package to be installed .
return image of the image .
convert a bytes string to a byte string .
tests that the creation of a file extension is to the path of a store .
returns a unicode string .
run the script on a given script .
get the database version .
delete a single item .
returns a list of tags for the specified key .
convert an xml file into a zone object .
remove a user from a group .
checks whether user can update translation repository .
output the tree of a tree .
returns a new instance of a method in a single instance .
get a device id from a device .
generate a new random key .
return a list of all files in the given directory .
parse data from a document .
compute a hash of data for each element of the specified sequence .
parse an date / time string according to the date format .
makes a function from l { n } and l { deferred } s } with l { f EOS
entry point for the api .
convert a string to a valid xml .
run the main function of a process instance .
helper function to call the output character .
search for a single key from an iterable .
initialize the image file .
creates the app .
if any file in a given path is a valid folder with the given name .
delete a grid file from plotly .
returns true if the request is a cookie .
convert integer number to integer .
reload module .
removes urls from urls in urls .
return a new version of a function or none .
test that we can be used as a list of tuples .
print out the xml tree .
load an object from its filename .
delete a folder of folder from folder .
send a course to a course with given course and course info .
run the main application .
gcode linear move file .
returns a new dict of the current image .
returns a dataset with id .
creates an index file for an index file .
get ip addresses of ip addresses .
looks to see if present on the system is present on the system .
get all volumes that match a volume .
execute a single command with args and return the output as json .
create a file to test file with given name .
encode a string representation of a binary type .
create a new namespace .
return the first item in the given object .
collect files and files from the given file path .
add a user to a password .
creates a new user .
create a test script for script .
install a package with a package .
return a string representation of a template .
construct a polynomial polynomial order ( x ) .
release the release group for a release group .
get the elementnode .
test either if an error when there is a single class .
retrieve a project .
remove a file or directory .
merge options and merge the options .
run command with arguments and kwargs .
returns a set of ids of all ids in the specified ids .
mark a test as deprecated .
get the cache directory .
creates a directory path .
returns a number of numbers that are equal to the number of elements .
show details about a server .
return an exception object from an exception error .
convert a value in a form form [ x ] representation .
returns the mean of an array .
calculate the median of a dataset of data .
return a list of packages that are on the specified path .
return the first element of a function .
update an item or raise an item .
apply the matrix mat to each element of the matrix mat .
return a list of tuples in the current directory .
return a list of paths that are on the given node .
return the platform string representation of the current python source .
send notification to notification with given notification .
check that the time from the correct type of a file .
sets the commit for a commit to commit for changes to commit .
computes the exponential coefficient of the linear regression of the function of x .
returns a stream of given stream .
returns a product of the product of all the locale for the given locale .
delete a directory .
context manager to temporarily used for testing .
removes the given path from the minion .
returns a wsgi app object from the app engine app engine app name .
verifies whether value is a valid type .
makes a request object from the response object .
list all available services .
get a block device mapping .
compile a function as a decorator .
get unique id for a given id .
same as a < = b .
retrieve a collection by id .
ensure that a process instance is running in pid .
return the size of the vms size .
return the unicode string for use in a python version .
creates a url as a content in the content of a content .
deprecated in warning .
filters a list of tuples based on filter items .
add a new message to the user .
return the root root of a root root of root .
ensure that the vm is absent .
compute the matrix decomposition .
helper to run the main application .
remove a volume .
helper for creating a list of fields from a list of fields .
detects image in the file .
returns a list of matching objects .
enable the process .
check if a given path exists .
compute the p * p * p * using the integer p .
run a command line argument .
creates an expression with the input stream and returns the output as a tuple .
if key is in the default context .
helper to call a single action .
send signal to save .
import and return a dataset class .
add the loops .
return the number of active script in the current environment .
get a value from the resource path .
when given a single value is set .
returns a tuple of the default language code for a given language .
print a file .
convert a list of dictionaries into a dict .
download the local file from the local url to the local file .
test mne representation of 2d dataset .
returns a list of users .
error is in string is not a valid string .
return a vm object based on the vm vm .
converts urls in plain text into html html html .
compute the linear regression loss function of the equation : class : array_like .
check for a particular status of a list of available .
module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
format a range of range with given length .
only load if boto is available .
display a menu .
convert integer coordinates to float .
set the default function for the current thread .
convert a course to a course .
returns a string representing the value in the first character in the character .
convert a value to a key .
new stream form .
returns true if the given version is valid .
convert an object to a string .
test for issue # 1 .
decorate a method that takes cr .
returns the value as a boolean .
read the contents of a file .
check to make sure images works properly .
returns whether a user is a project .
delete a file .
converts a datetime instance to local time zone .
check if a given service is valid .
yield all of nodes of * node * .
displays a request template with an action form and set the request .
get a resource path .
find files in a directory .
runs a single command .
delete a link .
return a valid certificate from a certificate .
setup the demo sensors .
request the given path to the server .
return an iterator over the values of a dictionary .
render a comment .
generate a random dataset with random data .
skip test if test is installed .
generate a new random file .
set whether or not the facts is present in facts .
run the command .
parse a config file into a dict .
if you need to be created .
decorator for functions that require one or more profile is enabled .
returns a dictionary of the keys of a dictionary .
convert string to rgb color space .
determine if a resource exists in the db .
checks if a date is valid format for the specified date .
wrapper for : py : port number of host to the host system .
creates a new graph .
delete a specific volume type .
convert a value to byte string .
get a value from the cache key .
select the * n * individuals * .
context manager to temporarily create a new block device .
log a message with the current session .
get the local address of an image .
lists all available for a tenant .
test mne test .
get the hardware address on windows systems .
load parameters .
get the tags for a resource .
view for requests to the login / api / page .
return a new instance of an image .
get new repository .
creates a new instance of the api .
check if a path exists and is set to the key / name / .
returns the number of bits that are equal to the number of bits .
find a volume by id or id .
calculate the median of the median of the data .
generate a temporary file containing the files and the results .
compute a label matrix for a given label of labels .
make a string with `` `` `` '' '' string '' with `` `` `` `` `` '' '' EOS
generator that yields lines of a stream with the stream .
decorator for functions .
return a list of paths to paths that are in the given directory of paths .
write a message to a file in a stream .
restart the restart .
get a specific context for a specific module .
deserialize fp ( a .
sort an array of values by a function .
setup the demo sensors .
generate a hash of the given string .
convert between two arrays .
convert a file object into a new directory .
return the locale for the given locale .
returns true if the error message is a message .
compute the inverse of the inverse of p .
validate a given value is a valid slug .
convert a value to a float value .
converts a message to a message object .
returns a wsgi application that is a wsgi application .
get all tags for a namespace .
run a single test in a single test .
write a file to a path .
creates a decorator that wraps a function and returns a wsgi application instance .
parses a property .
decorator that adds the decorated function to all of an api call .
return the url for the given filename .
return a tuple of obj as a string of keys of obj .
remove the string .
convert ip address to ip address .
return a list of available data from a particular bucket .
return true if filename matches the pattern in the pattern .
generate a warning message .
get a node from the input .
test that an instance of a file is enabled .
compute the inverse of the inverse of the matrix .
return data with the specified name .
attach a json column to each object of the queryset .
sends a remote request to the remote remote api .
makes a theano function from theano matrix .
start a vm .
find a range of ip addresses from a list of ip addresses .
setup the demo sensors .
return a list of all instances of an instance .
test installing a package with install -- root .
remove a string from the given string .
returns true if the given region is a valid region .
call the : class : py : func : py : py : class : py : py : EOS
download and download the number of messages .
test that `` harvest '' is not set with `` `` '' '' .
run a command and execute the command .
register all of the files in the given file .
start a float .
plot the x window for an array .
get a repository from the database by id .
return a string representation of an object .
parse a signature .
get the current user .
require * * * * * with * test * .
verify a signature .
create a new url .
convert a dictionary of keys into a dictionary .
generator that returns a generator of two lists of a tree .
get a value from the first component of a specified file .
test that the unit of the unit is not set .
return a color with color color in the color space .
return a string representing the default username .
change the value of the variable in the variable .
merge a single request into a single request .
helper function to call the callable for obj with the passed arguments .
default view for a given user .
convert an image to image .
returns a filter filter for a given list of images .
parse a query string into a list of tuples .
read cache data from cache file .
create a new cipher object .
create a new figure with the specified name and optional arguments .
write a file of a process to a file .
compute the average precision from the data points in the grid of a grid of points .
start a question .
callback for when an object is called .
delete a topic .
return a list of users that have been updated on the system .
normalize an integer value in a python string .
test if we are not running in a repository .
parse the response for a response to a response object .
api to handle log from github api .
setup the event manager to the configuration file .
calls the function .
returns a new user object with the current user .
convert a rule to a rule .
check if the base url exists in the base directory .
check if given ip address is valid ipv4 address .
set the given properties on a database .
show the details of an instance .
horizontal scharr on an array of all zeros .
returns a list of all the services that are not found in the api .
compute the score of the mean of the mean of the mean of the parameters .
return a tuple of .
fake version of os .
get a class instance with name * name * .
restful crud controller .
main entry point for the main application .
returns a tree of tree with the given tree .
resolve the url .
set up a url in a source .
return a list of tags for tags .
convert a message string to a message object .
check that all of a particular object is different at least one of the specified .
process the function from l { deferred } and c { deferred } with c { f } .
deprecated in warning .
generate an extension of a filename .
format a list of locale for the specified locale .
import a python module .
sends a process to the process with the given arguments .
validate the beacon configuration .
enable / disable a specific model .
compute the average pooling function of a matrix .
install a signal handler which will install the signal handler for the signal handler .
returns the url of the given image url .
guess the extension for a file extension .
returns a tensor with shape and shape of shape .
add two lists of lists .
generate a list of users that are available .
create a table of table and index in a list .
returns the value of a key .
yield a line number of lines from a file .
start a vm cli example : .
generate a cache key for the header cache .
set the video output .
returns a default console output .
make sure that a directory exists .
new a new figure .
write out the output file .
load configuration from global data .
serialize obj to a json formatted stream .
convert a 2d array of shape into a list of integers .
send notification with interface id and store the event loop .
open a file in a mode .
only load if the minion module is available in __salt__ .
returns a list of all available languages .
test for when running .
generate a new : class : meth : lx .
clean up the test suite for the given name of * * .
run a command and run the specified shell command .
test that when we can be used as a batch .
create a new window and add it to the given text .
returns a json version .
parse the rule into a rule like this rule like this function checks if the rule is not in EOS
connect to aws key / service / service .
returns the distance between two strings .
generates a random distribution for a sequence of distribution .
make a call to a single request .
returns a list of all available versions of the current versions .
return size for a given size .
compute the matrix decomposition .
gcode linear move file .
run the given function in the given thread and return a deferred object .
set the default output to the output .
return a list of all the models in the given dataset .
return a new figure with respect to the specified line .
return image mode .
expr - > expr expr expr expr expr expr expr expr expr : expr .
validate that value is a float value .
log a group of all of a particular group .
test to ensure that a job is enabled .
test that all of the default values are not in the default .
same as a / b .
expand the template variables .
copy a node from the node .
find out which is a function in a stack .
dump cache to file cache file .
gets all instances from all instances .
assert that the process with the result of a set of arguments are in the same .
test if a string is valid .
print a command .
run a filename to the list .
get a uri with the specified uri .
load a file in a given encoding .
return a function that returns a function with the decorated function as the arguments .
generate a hash of a given file .
view that the login page is logged in the user .
return a list of items that are in the item id .
generate n lines for n bytes .
convert an integer into a tuple of version .
add the line and end of the line .
generate a source file for source files .
decorator to run a function in a lock mode .
if the line is in the [ or ] .
return a list of n items in the first n .
find a socket socket to a socket socket .
create a new element .
checks if the configuration exists and is valid .
setup the demo sensors .
asserts the specified output of a specified path matches the specified output .
creates a new : class : .
convert a number of bits into a string of bits .
verify if the server is valid on the host .
run the wsgi application in the wsgi application .
return size of a given file .
restful crud controller .
return the index of an object .
return a dict of the keys that are in the given dictionary .
set up logging and configure logging .
returns a document .
parse a config .
load value from a file .
test installing a package with a wheel .
create a new cipher object .
decorator to require the current user .
convert a value to a number .
render a link to a url .
returns a sequence of items with a given sequence of distribution .
get the description of a file .
run command .
generate a uuid from the uuid of a namespace uuid .
create a new dict whose keys are the values of values .
decorator to run a test on a file .
match the given path to the log of a step .
helper to get / create a new user .
get a port to a specific port .
returns the value of the current time .
compute the linear regression .
retrieves all volumes from the attachment summary .
register a new code for the given source code .
calculate the average of a image .
check that all of a random state is in * .
registers a flag whose value can be a flag as a string .
is the given file type .
destroy the window of a window of a window of window .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
get a value from a string .
extract raw data from raw raw raw raw raw api .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
add a tenant to a tenant .
notify a user .
api : accepts output .
returns whether or not the installed package is installed .
parse a string containing a list of of pairs .
creates a new property in a registry .
create a new public key object .
return a list of pairs that have been set with lines .
convert a value to a key .
test working copy when using `` `` '' version '' is not in the `` not already '' .
get the path to the directory that the user can be used .
setup the configuration options for the container options .
given a list of strings .
returns the id of a process instance .
get a class by name .
convert an interval to seconds .
return a file containing the contents of a file .
return the directory to use .
get an object for an object .
get a namespace or raise an exception if namespace is not found .
copy an object from an http header of an iterable of * * .
return the number of bits of bits in a range .
statement : id .
call a method with an optional method .
replace all of the one space with one set of one with one .
delete an item from the given index .
generate a ip address of a ip address .
main entry point for the main application .
render a new request .
get equated paths .
compute the exponential function of the exponential function .
a line to generate c { line } .
delete user from delete .
return metadata as a dict of metadata .
return a list of all modules that are on the given package .
convert a template variable to a numpy array .
create a new instance .
test fit and sample routine with sample routine .
a decorator that checks the user has a permission on a request .
get all of the api requests for each object .
check that we can compile valid lines .
validates that the value is not a valid integer .
checks if a user exists on the host or host .
redirect to current user .
decode a base64 encoded string .
create a new instance of options .
create a continuous random variable with a continuous random distribution .
delete a zone .
connect section 9 .
set cache headers to a function in http header .
returns a list of available tasks for the given user .
generate all of the points in a given table .
check that all of the functions are not in both modules and that are not found .
convert a string to a unicode string .
decorator for views that require an argument .
logs out the user and redirect to the page .
return a list of attributes that have been set up to an extension of an object .
logs a warning message and exit .
return data to a json api request .
returns the url of the api module .
test that all of the devices of a specific network device is set .
linear unit .
return a hex string representing a hex encoded hex string .
return info about all information .
load sample file .
test to read from a table .
generate a random dataset with random variables .
generate a single output file for a given distribution of output .
test for issue # 1 .
call the given function * with the given arguments .
fetch data for blob .
encode a string value as a byte string .
handle a new image .
converts string into an object .
create a new : class : .
delete a virtual disk entry from the virtual disk to disk .
helper function for creating a expression from a dictionary .
check to see if the named service is enabled .
return a list of all available vm images on the minion .
returns the number of characters in the given number .
return true if the given module can be run .
get sample output from sample data .
check if a given location is in the parent directory .
returns a list of lists of lists in * x * .
return the default bucket name as a default object .
test if a file exists .
check if the given object is valid for the given id .
yaml : string this plugin is a job in the job .
print a message of text in a standard error .
return a help string representation of the help message .
expand the full path to the absolute path relative to the filesystem path .
returns a store of a store .
returns a tuple of the given integer value .
join - > string return a copy of a string .
main entry point .
check whether the given code is valid .
add faces .
create a new security group .
set the current time in the request .
test that the input from the input is correctly .
calculate the average of the covariance matrix .
returns a folder to size in bytes of given size .
test to ensure that an object is a method name .
returns all of all of the class from all of the class .
return a string with the specified number of values in the string .
yield all elements of an iterator .
remove a volume from a container .
return the type of an instance of an instance of the type .
mock patch for a given course .
add the test case to the end of the test .
decorator for methods which is not required parameters .
list all of the files in the given directory .
find a group that looks like a specific group .
test for issue # output : url .
print out the data from the remote server .
list all of the packages .
returns a list of random number of random objects .
backup a backup file .
return the environment .
parse a raw value of a raw key .
multi-dimensional binary .
return a list of directories for all the directories that match the given base directories .
test output with no steps .
list the available session .
restful crud controller .
get the vm vm .
creates a string representation of a python source code .
computes loss for loss .
find a node in a default node .
fetches a list of all available services on the provider .
update a new certificate .
get action by instance id .
reads a dictionary of a function from a file .
compute the product of a matrix .
compute a sequence of fasta pairs of two images .
rest controller - used by search - used by the rest of the rest controller - used for which EOS
connect to * address * and return the socket object .
start a process if available id is available .
return lines with lines and lines .
write dataframe to index parameters .
create a new dict that is a dictionary of items .
compute the linear regression .
compute the score of the plot of the plot of the plot .
return the os name of the os distribution name .
get a database object from the database with the specified uri .
extract the value from an element .
create a new instance of a key .
return a string representation of a node .
fixture which provides a test controller .
download the code from the source .
this will cache the contents of a template variable .
write a new items to a file .
validates and validate a private key .
return a list of all available modules .
sends a post request .
test that the inverse of an image is not installed .
context manager to temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily replace an exception object .
set up & run a command .
returns the size of a python module .
decode a byte string into a byte string .
return a list of users by a user .
print a list of exceptions .
makes a service call api call the request .
returns default context as a dict ( ) .
check that a user has the locale for a page .
returns a snapshot object .
stop a service .
extract the certificate from a certificate .
retrieve all quotas associated with a given class .
apply a function to a list of integers .
creates a port group with the specified name .
returns a list of arguments used for each other .
return a list of paths to the current dir for the given path .
convert a numpy array of values into a list of indices .
returns the order of the given class .
download an object from an object .
set a new job to the new job status .
join two or more pathname components .
wrapper for : func : log .
run : py : func : cmd .
get all snapshots for a project .
convert json document to json .
print a list of interfaces .
helper to add `` name '' and '' if not found .
language : fr - > scenario .
creates the backup file .
return a list of tuples that have been set in the specified tree .
ensure a zone exists .
return a locale name .
add xml element .
find a resource that match the specified resource .
unpack the data from the specified key .
maps keys for volumes summary view .
parse the command line for a user / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc /
return x .
load the data from the dataset .
if there is a list of directories that are not in the files .
perform any global template .
compute a precision in a range with precision ( ) with respect to the given value .
compute the inverse inverse matrix .
plot the time series .
set the number of dns server in the specified location .
enable the status of a service .
print out the data from the output file of a list of time .
scan for running tests for running tests .
open a file in a mode directory .
setup the demo sensor .
get a fixed ip by id or raise if it does not exist .
statement : name .
extract all of a process that match the specified key .
compute the dot product of x .
write file to a fif file .
update the filesystem with the specified number of images .
elementwise x .
computes the sum of loss of the loss .
return html for a list of html tokens .
compare a zone .
compile all of the files in the directory .
helper to format a tree for printing the given tree .
update an image object .
create a new pool for a given client .
execute a device and return the output of the device .
stop the worker in the worker .
returns a new account representation of an account .
returns a new instance of a specific id .
get the current url from the server environment .
format a device with the specified device .
gets the profile of a profile instance .
the main function for the rule .
check to see if a device exists .
create a quota usage usage usage .
return a list of the new modules .
decorator to require * * * * is * .
fix any existing directories that are not already in the same directory .
returns a random value for the given value .
identity request section 9 .
see : class : .
status view .
return true if text is a valid ipv4 address .
returns whether a role has permissions on a role .
check if any argument in an instance of a specified class .
pack object into a string .
compute the sum of a matrix .
copy a file from src to another .
add `` * '' with * * * with * .
gets data from file handle .
compute the linear regression distance between two images .
returns the id of the instance of an object .
disable the remote command line .
decorator for creating a function with a new figure .
parse the info about an account .
returns a response for a particular request .
get objects for an object .
convert image location to image location .
creates an exception handler for the given exception .
add `` / '' and `` `` '' '' .
write a table as a file of a single line .
get the gcode text .
decorator for views that require user to login with given login / login / .
check value is a valid option value which contains the corresponding to be passed to the option .
return a string with all the specified text .
transform a series of matrices into a series of matrices .
check for file existence of line and end of line numbers .
set app engine to be used in app .
check that the files exists and will be used with the same name and will return the file .
compute the derivative of f ( x ) ) .
returns a table object that can be used to display a table .
return an iterator over the values of an iterator of an object .
average a range of given values .
test remote source .
read a fif file .
returns a json representation of a user object .
parse the command line for a git repository .
generate a list of nodes of edges for g .
disable the named service .
generate a api service name and write it to the api service .
converts a string field to a python string .
set the number of seconds in a system .
convert a value to a key .
format a task for the task in the format .
returns version from version .
convert an address in address in format to a given address address .
compute a polynomial f in f ( x ) [ x ] .
return a string with prefix length of the prefix .
return version from git .
read data from a buffer .
handle event events from event .
require the language .
decorator for service methods .
match the topic of a topic .
convert a binary file of bytes into a human readable form .
check if all of all of the cache for each cache .
test if a function is available .
convert x .
helper to run the policy for a single call .
create a new .
return a list of all available versions on the minion cli example : .
extract the local time from the local machine .
create a client .
log a message with severity error on the root logger .
return an iterator over an iterable .
change the default group of the user cli example : .
yield n from the number of n .
start the default application .
run the home directory .
returns environment of current environment .
get hosts hosts in hosts .
get a value from an existing group .
list all users .
helper function to generate a new id id .
remove a directory .
create and run the task with the given arguments .
run a queue and return its queue id .
calculate the average of a set of two strings .
return a url from the http request uri .
check whether permission has permission permission .
test for issue # 1 .
check for a header with header and return true if the file is a valid header with the given EOS
write a sequence of to the output file .
return a list of valid valid resources .
return a port to use .
list all users .
stream the stream of a stream .
encode a string to utf-8 .
remove a package from the package .
run the python test .
delete a specific volume .
log a message with severity root on the root logger .
return a dict of all available images on the cloud provider with images in the specified image .
return a new copy of * x * .
returns a list of the app engine from the app engine app .
compute the log of the log of the matrix of the log distribution .
check if an ip address is in an ipv4 address .
return a list of available vm images for use in a given string .
restful crud controller .
returns the id of the value .
returns a feed mapping feed mapping data for a given feed .
elementwise exponential function .
return the path to the directory of a file .
return true if the named vm is running on the machine .
test image of images .
return true if the given list is true .
return a polynomial f in gf ( p ) [ x ] .
returns the python version from the python interpreter path .
convert a path to a native path .
convert a unicode string to unicode .
create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
rest controller - used for search - used for use in rest controller - allows you use the rest EOS
destroy the snapshot or raise if it does not exist .
get all namespace .
returns the current set of the current image .
find a package id from the given package id .
get the current host or none .
get the lines of a file .
execute a single action on a given action .
disable all of the source files .
get access token to the access api .
adds the text of a document .
test for issue # 1 .
write gcode file for a gcode file .
validate that the type of an image is valid .
return the relative path of a relative path .
check if a server exists on the server .
return the encoding of the encoding system encoding .
render a new figure manager .
quote - > str / or unicode string : - > string .
returns the binary representation of the integer number of bits .
write a file of to a file .
delete all instances of a instance .
return a string representing the path in the current directory .
create a new base cipher .
return true if the object is available .
return the distance between a and b .
executes a two images .
return the encoding of the given encoding .
check if the given path exists .
converts a date in the form of a form field into a form .
return a list of minions .
collect all the files in the given directory .
settings and initialize the module with the current thread .
get the inset loops .
returns a document if it is valid .
returns a sequence of items that are the given sequence of items .
start the logging level .
add f * * * * * * * to f in k [ x ] .
return true if version is supported .
get the hardware address on windows by running system .
only load if the available module is available in __salt__ .
validate that a value is not a valid uri .
create a new domain object .
update image in glance .
get the current stack trace of a stack .
return x if a and b are equal of x .
helper for : func : meth : py : class : meth : int .
remove the named container path from the current python source file .
split a string into an integer and return a tuple of the first argument .
render a template with given * * * .
creates a new course .
creates a bucket for bucket .
find a service name in a service instance .
is the function with an element is run in a thread .
check that all of a column in the specified column is not in the range .
return a list of available nodes .
parse a message with the given message .
get a certificate from the certificate .
delete the search storage file at the given path .
encode a string using base64 .
creates a new item .
return a mask with the specified number of bits .
returns a tuple of the section of the section of the section .
replaces space character ( ) with a new line ( ) and / ) / .
create a new instance of a class .
get the complex with each component the word .
returns a tuple of the current image .
stop the named service .
returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
decorator to cache an instance of a cache instance .
parse a response response for a particular request .
create a new media .
return an iterator over the keys of a dictionary .
returns a list of ids of services that are not in the service .
setup the demo sensor .
send email email with password .
test that the input is raised when x is true .
set the size of the file .
convert integer in bytes .
render an admin request .
set the version of template text .
get block device mapping .
get the port from the port number of available .
return the version of the current database .
convert binary ip address string to binary representation .
tests that the product is not set to the product with the product of all the product .
ensure that given value is present in the name of the device .
returns version from version .
load a python module .
merge a session into a single session .
generate a string to be used in an integer .
returns a new instance of a class .
write a string to a file in a file .
creates a new user .
get the rank of a matrix .
create a new title .
returns a dict of config from a config file .
return the number of unique key .
return a generator that yields the first kind of each character in the given sequence .
test for # 1 .
removes a single state .
add the given document to the file of a document .
unpack the current source file to the current disk .
return a new product of the product of x .
lock a lock object .
converts a string to a boolean value .
return a list of n items in the given string .
set the os module if the os is available .
get a namespace .
convert an ipv4 address in human readable form to an integer representation of < p > .
compute the score for labels of labels of labels of labels .
parses an attribute string into a role .
return a tuple containing the lines of a new line number in the file .
restful crud controller .
input from the user .
returns the global options for the current site configuration option .
dump a node for the given node .
resolve a zone into the name of the current time zone .
setup the demo sensor .
generate a new file containing the contents of a file .
test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
fetches the zone of a zone .
sort an object based on the key .
flatten a dict of all of the keys in the data .
returns the average distance between the two images .
yield all possible sequences of a sequence of sequence .
return a list of all the classes in the given class .
destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
send request to all requests .
verify that the buffer is valid for when given .
create a new git repository .
get all networks by id .
read lines from file .
convert a unicode string into a list of characters .
a wrapper for : func : url .
formats a time according to the given format .
compute the linear regression .
enable / disable state to use for a configuration .
returns an instance of the appropriate class .
gcode linear move file .
set a audio clip .
creates a new database .
select an existing proxy url from the proxy device .
return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
tests that the creation of a file extension is not available .
determine if the list of nodes is in a dataset .
create a test suite for test suite .
returns a secret key for a user .
convert bytes to bytes .
return a string representing a locale .
update a network interface for a given address or list of ip addresses .
a context manager to generate a list of available instances .
select and return a list of all the data from the specified host .
returns the current time of the current process .
helper function for creating a namespace with a namespace .
stop a vm .
return a string representation of a single step .
install the signal handler which will write the signal to stdout / signal to stdout / stderr to stdout EOS
fix sys .
write a number of tag to a file .
create a api endpoint for api endpoint .
create a new language object with the current language .
get the craft sequence .
return version number for the current version .
loads the yaml config file for the specified class .
create a new search search response object .
delete a function .
wait for a snapshot to the specified instance .
test mne inverse computation .
returns a tuple of the iterable .
validate that the value is not a valid string .
test for url .
test user using user using function .
shutdown the system .
decorator for views that checks the cache key is enabled .
exit code and exit .
check for a single space or raise exception if the file has no or not .
read the contents of a file in the given file descriptor .
decorator that checks the user from all of a particular function and returns a tuple of a tuple .
returns whether the settings should be used as an environment variable .
test when a single process has been set to .
get a value from the default .
update global with new values for given information .
raise an exception if an error is not installed .
process the pid of a process instance .
return image with the specified image .
return true if obj is a callable object .
this is the function is called in the test .
ensure that we can work .
convert an url into an url .
returns a list of plugins that are on the plugins in the specified plugins .
delete a user cli example : .
returns true if * * * is in string .
returns a list of sample ids .
remove a role from a role .
send an http request .
returns the value of a setting for the setting .
create a new local port .
build a request for the current request .
compute the sum of the kernel function .
renders the page .
get the float from the character of the character in the line .
returns a function that is a group of field names of a group .
return true if the given source is a valid xml tag .
return a file-like object containing the contents of a file .
return true if the object is a .
convert a date to a time zone .
generate a grid of images for a specified image .
returns a json project id for a project .
return package version as a package version string .
get information about a certificate .
create a table from table and event loop .
load the list of data from the current request .
returns true if user can be used for given user .
list all available regions .
input : input array .
records that the user is logged in to the users user_id .
return the version of the current linux distribution .
returns a proxy environment variable .
dump a certificate to a certificate .
parse a query given as a string argument .
return a link to a document .
makes a namespace string .
get list of lines for each line of text .
displays a list of dataset .
checks for valid fields for valid header and header .
restful crud controller .
compute the linear f ( p ) from f ( s ) .
setup the figure .
return a new .
creates a new uri with the given uri on the given uri .
test that the model works .
returns a string representing a function that will be used to a function that is not in .
return a new product of the array .
get the last line of a file in a given file name .
get a filename to the backend .
decorator that wraps a function in a thread .
displays text with line numbers .
settings for a single resource settings .
return a datetime object as a string in * * * .
disable all available services .
get a base class from a base object .
generate a sample of samples from a list of sample .
error checking for checking on routines that return true .
return a hash of the current application .
test for url with an image from / / / / / / / / / / / / EOS
return a matrix that is the two arrays of two arrays are the same number of zeros .
sets the number of messages in the stream .
returns true if the given options is valid .
filter out sample from table .
return true if the given node name in function name .
show a single line number of the current line .
converts a query string to a dict of parameters .
return a scheme if the scheme is valid .
returns a new product of the first kind of the given expression .
stop a container .
import a python object in a given path .
helper to generate a message .
if the target is in the current mode .
create a new group .
run a command and return its arguments as a string .
add headers to the request headers .
return a color with the color color .
get a value from the client .
returns a string representing the value in the given string .
filters given options and outputs valid settings for valid settings .
creates a new plot .
create a new api service instance .
get a value from the key .
get the remote server for a remote server .
returns a comment .
output the contents of a template file .
returns the word of a word .
replace 1 .
make a tensor with a sparse matrix of shape and columns .
set app engine app .
decorator that checks the user has access to the access of an object .
set all packages .
remove a flag from the flag .
returns a user id for a given user id .
print color .
return a polynomial of f in k [ x ] .
creates a new rpc object .
return the first match in the list of paths that match the given pattern .
checks if user can access the current user .
read a configuration file for the given configuration file .
test that the input from the input is not set .
return a new image with the specified number of bits in the first image .
returns true if the given file is valid for the given file .
read the size of a file .
calculate the average of a matrix .
converts a string to a boolean .
displays a new user .
maps keys for volumes summary view .
creates a new figure out of the current image file in the current figure .
get all of the api key for this minion .
return the encoding of the encoding in the encoding .
show details about a specific server .
get a host id from the request body of an instance .
returns the results of two lists .
get command line argument parser .
decorator for methods that require methods to be used .
return the number of bits of a single distribution .
yaml : string this plugin is a valid job in the jenkins : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : the name EOS
delete a specific user .
merge one or more one or more one .
kbengine method .
returns true if the object is from a python object .
return an iterator over all items matching the items and items .
get a value from name and name of a method .
set the proxy proxy proxy settings for a proxy server .
convert an image array to a specified array .
upload a file to the request .
get text from the given text .
returns a course info for a course .
test decorator for issue # tests .
select the target for each element of the list available .
test for issue # ) .
get the length of the character of the line .
remove a package .
returns a list of tuples for given language code .
transform a sequence of headers into a dict of headers .
returns a random bytes of size in bytes .
only load if the module is available .
error : declaration_specifiers .
import a class and return a class object .
run html documentation .
read a file from a path .
return the default node id .
get the evaluated value of the evaluated variable .
expand a `` path '' into a `` path '' file .
converts a datetime to a datetime in utc .
make sure that all of a class are not found in the form .
get a group snapshot .
parse the contents of a file .
return the block device mapping : name of vm .
read lines from file .
convert a number to a string .
given a number of bits .
parse the message header and return a message object of the message .
get the default view output .
return a value for the next value .
test to make sure that the html file is valid .
data - > array .
run a command as a dictionary with arguments : { < user } .
return a list of valid instances that have been set in the specified set of rules .
get the string representation of a python object .
test when given test is available .
if two arrays are not equal .
make sure that the color function works with correctly .
render a link in a link .
returns an object containing the model that is used to compute the object .
imports an object .
get a volume from the volume .
convert an object to a file descriptor .
check that all of the labels in the tree .
return a list of all available services that are not in the given module .
wait for a file to be run .
change all of a users .
calculate and return a list of documents with a new one .
create a new thread instance .
compute the matrix of n .
return true if the given filter has been run .
get the notification service .
creates a course url for the course .
get the xml element by key .
fixture to change the current environment .
escape special characters in an xml character .
get the text of an image .
convert an integer to an integer .
a generator that returns lines of source and lines .
return a sequence of items from a sequence of items .
write contents to a file .
find the n elements in a dataset .
format a url as a source .
decode a list of items into a list of items .
return the md5 hash of a file .
compare two strings .
add a permission to a user .
decorator that adds a function with a namespace property in a namespace namespace .
return a random matrix of shape with shape and shape .
returns a dictionary of { row : } .
add x * x * to * x * .
ensure that all of a service with one set correctly .
delete a specific image location .
convert string to int .
get a list of client client .
run tests with the given filename and return a list of results .
enable the current event .
create a new image instance of the root path .
delete a blob from bucket .
return a list of unique ids .
count number of characters in string .
return a generator that yields the first part of the given elements .
update or add new one .
test for creating images .
get a string representation of a python string .
return a tuple of the data points in the data directory .
add resource to the resource .
location view .
get the current host or the current host device .
resource factory method .
fixture to set the test on windows .
group add / update / group .
compute the power of the derivative of the derivative of the derivative .
creates an url for the current page with the context manager .
return a new dataset that contains only the first one or more than one .
return the number of active config file .
add the queue to the queue .
convert a record record object into a record object .
install a python package with python installed .
parse a filename into a filename .
returns a new instance of the given object .
get the complex path .
raise a document .
display a message .
test for issue # 1 .
convert a string of bytes or bytes to a string .
collect all of the files in the specified path .
redirect an http response object into a new http response object .
parses a file in the json format and return a filename and extract the file name and version .
check if a volume group exists .
return a list of available packages cli example : .
create a logger for the logger .
get a timestamp from a timestamp in a given timestamp .
shutdown the connection to the device .
set up the config in the config file .
loops through the addresses .
return the text of the first character in the string .
get the host instance .
validates that the user is not in a html file .
remove html tags from text .
get a value from the service .
update volume specs .
calculate the average of each element of a matrix .
tests that the store with a store with a store .
creates a new image with the specified shape and image .
count the number of unique in a string .
returns a random string of an array of ids .
write user to a file .
return image to disk image in the image .
this function will return a date object for the date formats .
generate a certificate from certificate .
check if a path exists in the current directory .
returns the path to a file-like object .
test that the input works with the same number of values .
return true if the given url is an exception .
return x * x * x * x * .
decorator for functions that require exceptions with the decorated function in a callable .
test for label 1 .
if we have a new version .
close the connection .
perform a single cluster instance .
create a comment .
decorator that wraps a method in a event .
validate a vm name .
get the state of the state of an instance of the distribution with the name of the state of EOS
return the absolute path to an absolute path .
returns the ipv6 address of a ipv6 address in ipv6 address .
horizontal edge should be a vertical line .
creates an array of shape of shape .
set the virtual server .
creates a new array of shape with respect to x .
create a new private key .
internet gateway fail to update existing id .
validate that value is an integer or a string of type .
test reading of data .
returns a dictionary of the password from the specified database .
creates an api token for a given token .
parse the response for a request .
get the lists of the lists .
display the main dialog .
get the host of a network .
get the path to the directory path .
test that an exception is raised when an exception is not none .
decorator that will run a action on a action .
yaml : jenkins-wiki this plugin allows you to the jenkins .
postfix_expression : postfix_expression .
decorator for functions .
compute the linear regression .
creates a new instance type .
return a list of all the nodes of the given node .
count the number of elements in a string .
return a list of the documents that are on the model .
returns the language of the language .
quote - > string .
test for regression .
use os version to install the latest version .
returns a request object with messages .
only load if the module is installed .
generate a user id from an email address .
sets an instance of : class : app registry .
flatten a nested tensor .
return the metadata for a filename .
return a list of all available modules on the given module .
count the number of objects in an object .
return a namespace dictionary .
delete a volume .
wait for the api to send to send api .
reset all of a particular profile in a particular list .
convert a set of matrices to a set of matrices .
computes the loss loss .
export the given file to the given filename .
check if a database exists on the database .
build a list of graph .
update state with the api .
write a list of to a file .
returns a list of tokens from a document .
print out a event on a given event loop .
run a command and execute the output .
decorator for views that checks the user from the provided arguments and the method is the argument to be EOS
check if a device exists .
compute the linear regression distribution for an distribution of distribution and variance .
return a list of locale for the current locale .
returns a dictionary of all of the course keys in the course .
generate a new code for a code .
load data from the specified file .
formats a date as the time until that date .
returns a reference to a vm .
parse a url into its data from the query string .
convert hex string to hex format .
show a list of all of all available events .
returns true if the given sequence is a sequence of integers .
find a path to a package directory .
helper function to create a new document with the given prefix .
check if user exists in group .
render a data source to a string .
remove a user from a group .
create a new open file in the given path .
remove all files that are created with a given directory .
return a list of events that are on the current line .
generate a valid config for a certificate .
delete an instance of an instance .
create a continuous random expression with a theano matrix .
test if a given expression is available .
makes a theano tensor .
get a list of all available app engine app .
update a new image .
generate a new role for a group .
list option option option option option option option list command line option value option value is set to a EOS
create a filter property from a list of values .
calculate the image of the image .
plot the plot of the plot file .
parse a string containing `` / `` / '' / '' / `` / '' .
create a network from an ip address .
make a unicode string .
configure the server configuration for the specified device .
show a file of results .
get the notification service .
compute the sum of x .
return a polynomial in k [ x ] .
return package version as a string containing installed package version .
given a valid region name .
test raw data .
return a integer representing the number of n in a range [ b .
generator function for creating a random string .
yield for each line in the given string .
register a plugin .
returns a column object for the default group .
fix the given cursor using the given cursor .
create a new block device .
retrieve a header of a given header of headers .
return true if the running config file is running on the system .
create a network interface cli example : .
apply a function to an instance of the class .
test that the class is not set correctly .
check if dependencies are not found in dependencies of a list of dependencies .
run a command and return its output as a string .
if the user is not installed .
copy each version of the source file in * * .
rgb to rgb color space conversion .
fetches a list of all server cli example : .
convert string to boolean value .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
add the field in a table .
test text when i is not a valid string .
generate a unique filename for a repository .
image resource factory method .
set up the global configuration .
get all available regions for the amazon resource .
compute polynomial gcd of f and g .
compute a matrix of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
output the output of the console output .
test that the sklearn estimator works .
return a date object as a tuple of the current time in the current time .
replace the filename with filename in the filename with filename and write it .
read a line of header from a file of header .
restful crud controller .
output the output of the console output .
render a new comment .
check that installed and installed version is installed .
decorator that require the user with a permission to the decorated function in a particular permission .
convert a value to unicode .
ensure that data and data are in data and that it will be updated with the data .
return a list of packages on the minion : : class : salt myminion the : class : salt EOS
convert an object into a : class : py : py : func : obj .
set the log level for the logging level .
show a file containing a new prefix for a given prefix .
create a new user .
return a directory that is running in the directory that we are in the path .
determine the format of the request .
split a string into words .
get the path to the absolute path of the file of a given distribution .
return an iterator over the first item in the sequence .
find the best match for a given uuid .
remove all items from an item in a list .
yaml : string a file of parameter requires the jenkins : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : jenkins-wiki : EOS
check whether line docstring have a docstring .
generate a cache key for the header cache .
get the header of the http header from the http header .
fetch a new block device .
test that the events can be used with one or more than one value from the input .
check if filename is in the same name / version .
unregister a database engine from a database .
save content to location in location in cache .
return a new : class : .
convert text to html tags .
return a copy of the function that can be used to the same arguments as the function of the EOS
ensure that a config object is set to a valid config value .
helper function for creating a single file containing the results .
test installing from a package in the list .
test plotting of epochs .
returns a user password for a password user .
creates a new instance of the current process .
get the disk image from disk file .
gets all virtual interface from the table .
event : : class : py : func : thread .
get the windows string representation of a file .
if auth is logged in user .
add a course to the course key .
select the number of data from the process .
this will cache the contents of a template file for a given template variable .
handle all of a specified entity .
show a line of events .
get the attributes of an object .
if f is a l { deferred } instance .
determine if a given request is in the current mode .
returns true if * value * is a string .
decode a binary string .
delete a file or directory .
remove all of characters in the string .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
for a given figure .
returns a string representation of a document .
returns a new exception object from a http response object .
create a new entity object from a list of entity .
helper function to get title from title .
read a file in bytes or text / / / / / / / .
return a list of all available projects .
return a list of vms that are on the provider .
if this function is not available .
convert a character of character to a character .
returns a form field for a dataset with the form field .
check that the value is a list of strings .
view for a user .
returns a list with all of the data in the given list .
get an attribute of an object .
get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
wait until a function has been run .
compute a hash of the given file .
generate a new session key .
import a function using the specified module .
decorator that wraps a function in a code object .
return a list of all the arguments defined in the namespace .
generate a new random expression that is used in case of two expressions .
return the encoding of a string .
return a polynomial of f in k [ x ] .
make a function that returns a new list of arguments .
run a command .
parses an http get string representation of an object .
group a list of groups into a group .
delete a comment .
set up / get the uri of a uri .
converts a value to an integer .
return a list of paths to the paths that are not in the default .
a simple view that returns a dataset with a dataset .
test to ensure that the error is raised .
run a command line shell in a subprocess .
query package and return a package version or a package .
validates a tuple for a key .
test for issue # end .
for a given integer value .
calculate the average of a plot of two images .
returns a string containing the `` `` '' '' version of a `` `` '' '' .
get a list of resource provider data from the resource provider .
get a location from the location .
quote a domain for use in a url .
cache key for the request cache .
checks if the name is valid for a valid format .
delete a pool from a vm .
compute the mean of two images .
map field to a new column form for a given field .
run the modules from the salt master to the file system .
returns a random integer in the number n .
set a new value in a particular way .
check if the current package is installed .
returns the cache directory for the cache file .
get info about the driver .
creates an http token from an http token .
return the first attribute of an object .
makes a simple image from * * * .
display a gcode file in a gcode file .
returns a date object with the specified date and date .
called when the user is called from the role .
retrieve all of the public keys in the specified cache .
find a step log to a step .
return the filename of the object as a filename .
get a list by name or id .
get the path to the directory of a file in a directory .
return a list of tuples for the current process .
make sure the current mode is in a directory .
return a new dict with the current request data .
test download status code for a particular error .
create a new instance of options .
compute the linear regression parameters .
test whether a path is a valid path .
convert an ip address to an ip address .
get the description of available video video .
if the input variable is in the same way as the input ( x ) .
compute the average of the average of the matrix .
set the http header .
translate an exception for an exception object .
return current time in seconds since the current time .
send summary to summary of summary summary summary .
get line with split line .
return the number of bytes from the first kind of an integer .
generate a random number of images from a dataset .
mean of an array .
generate a list of all of the files in the given directory .
checks if a user exists and is a new user .
register the widget .
return all of the objects in the given string .
return a list of files in a given package directory .
add metadata to the metadata for a file .
determine if the line is inside the x segment .
item view .
add the specified number of ids to the specified id .
user id .
returns true if filename is a valid python name .
check that all of the files exist in the directory exists .
compute the linear regression .
creates a decorator that will raise an exception of f from the given object .
set / get the current time .
return a new figure .
create a new block device and return a new instance of the default .
return a list of rules that are enabled .
yield n from a generator of bytes .
return a string with all of * n * .
restful crud controller .
get a list of available job ids .
remove a flag from the flags from the flag .
convert an html string to an html string .
test if we are running in a repository .
add a widget to the current widget .
return size of a path .
creates a new session .
run a shell command .
parse a message with the given text in the given message .
set up the global state of the current request .
decorator for views that require a view function .
disable an environment .
converts a label string to a native object .
validate that the value is not valid for this field .
import and return the first line number of lines in the file .
convert an ip address to an int .
convert a value to a native object .
set up the user .
decode a query string into a single space .
create a dictionary of tags and set up with tags and tags .
converts a value to a string representation of a value .
interface to the interface in the interface cli example : .
compute shortest paths and weighted nodes in a weighted graph .
get the disk disk disk usage for a disk image .
compute the inverse of a matrix .
returns the number of seconds since the last timestamp of a string .
if func is in the function .
convert a value to a string of type representation .
returns true if * obj * is a tuple .
convert a list of names to a dict .
returns a raw xml file .
returns the z of the z value in z .
return a list of valid year .
like : func : meth : a theano array with the same name of the array as the same EOS
creates a http request object from the http request object .
returns the mean of the array .
make sure that the string is raised when the right is not .
create a continuous random variable with a continuous distribution .
makes a script from an exception file .
add a stream to the logger .
return a tensor with the specified number of zeros .
run the vm test .
return a new time between two : .
render an image .
json call the json .
lists all documents that have been changed .
helper function to create a course with a course .
return true if url is not found in the http .
the inverse function .
convert a string of a character of character .
run migrations in online mode .
return a string representation of an expression .
create a new instance of a configuration .
return label .
creates a function that returns a new one object with the specified name of the specified class .
return a list of all job ids .
set up / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc / / / / / EOS
stream parameters used by a method .
display a list of all requests .
match the given string with the specified name .
test that when we can be used as a batch .
compute polynomial gcd of f in gf ( p ) [ x ] .
is the executable of an executable ? .
run the tests of the tests in the environment .
run a command and run the subprocess command .
return the tool shed to use .
process the xml element .
filters a sequence of objects by arguments : - arguments : - string .
convert an integer to an integer .
test whether value is not a value .
remove labels from labels of labels and labels .
delete a flavor entry from the flavor .
parse a content-type file .
returns the number of active project .
return a list of tuples representing the result in * x * .
get the dot product of a pair of row and y .
view for files in the request .
returns a string with the given url .
create a course .
creates a new app object from the request object .
return a date object for the current user .
update location from location .
parse a date string according to the date format .
create an instance of an instance .
helper function to add a course to a course .
returns a tuple of the size in the given file .
find out an email address in a string .
setup the demo sensors .
converts a sparse matrix to a sparse matrix .
update one or more lines of a file object .
compute the mean of the variance of the distribution of the distribution .
url decode a single string with the given encoding .
apply a function to a single image .
return a new image instance from the specified file .
ensure that the layer is not in a layer instance .
ensure that an image is absent .
returns a batch of items from the given object .
return a range of start with start and end .
estimate rank of a polynomial .
fit a set of data in a dataset with respect to the specified number of points .
compare two paths .
lists all of the dataset .
return a new .
generate a new dataset that contains a valid data structure .
parse an options string into a list .
convert a binary string into a byte string .
returns the python version from the python interpreter path .
sort a list of model instances .
raise an exception if the object is not a particular type .
helper function for the input array .
return true if uri is a uri .
serialize object to object .
convert a file of bytes into a python object .
returns true if the given string is a valid character .
setup the demo sensor .
parse a file of lines and return a dict of data file .
returns a list of the default arguments used for each element of a particular matrix .
validate that the value of update is not in the supplied config .
evaluate the expression value of a variable with the same number of the same arguments .
write the source file at the given path .
set the course to the login / page .
returns a key for an instance of a model .
copy each target to the target file in target .
generate metadata .
returns a list of source from source .
test when two images are not same .
get the description of available video video .
validate value .
generate a unique id for the specified uuid .
show the socket socket socket socket cli example : .
resolve the name to a hostname in a hostname .
generate a list of values from a set of values .
returns true if given path is a valid python source file .
try to import the current linux distribution from the system .
finds the base files in the given directory .
display a file .
return a string of length n .
decorator that wraps a method in a package and returns a warning .
download the data from the filename in the filename folder .
indent a string with the given number of characters .
read text text .
creates and returns a new instance of the current user .
return an iterator over the values of an object .
returns a storage instance of a storage instance .
convert rgb to rgb color space conversion .
print out the results from the response to the context .
sends an email address in a given email address .
return an iterable of elements from iterable .
convert a number to a number .
create a new user .
convert color s to color space .
encode a string as a byte string .
return a table for the given table .
flatten - > list returns a tuple of tuples of strings .
return the stats version .
check the exception for the given message .
fix the html tags in the html file .
select a set of all the correct functions for a given target .
generate a new course id for a course .
run a process and return its output as a deferred .
entry point for the module / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc / etc EOS
build a list of arguments from a specific user .
returns the path to the directory that is used in the cache directory .
register a new function in a new python module .
returns a report class for a given name .
gets a list of ip addresses from a remote host .
returns the number of bits of a number in the string .
change the group of a group .
generate a random string of length n .
detach a policy to the specified policy .
return a list of all available vm images .
enable the enabled service .
list all available network .
get the lines of a file .
test reading a file from an xml file .
compare two strings .
get a path to a storage file in the directory tree .
run the git command .
build a new figure with the default values for each row of the method of the class .
return a string containing the prefix for the given name .
return true if source is a source of source .
parse a job id into a dict .
delete a user .
return a set of all the values in a model .
set up & run a publisher for a source file .
parse a response response from a http response .
generate a list of lines from a file .
check that all of the modules are available .
restart the named service cli example : .
create a new figure instance .
return a new host object for the current configuration file .
return s .
update task object from task .
validate that the value is a valid integer value .
estimate rank of matrix parameters data : ndarray .
delete a vpc pool .
if the argument is a type of a type or type .
get new derivation .
convert an s3 target to a target object .
load test suite for all tests .
return a bucket object for the given bucket id .
return a set of all of the given expressions .
creates a cache directory if it exists .
test either if an error is raised when x is not specified .
internet gateway filter by id .
get the config from the config file .
decode the given string .
output the comment to the comment .
plot the image for an image .
writes the data to the raw data .
save a file-like object to disk .
computes the sum of two images .
returns a stream of bytes from the given stream .
this is a helper function for the output of the output of the object .
check if the current node is a new node .
get the list of available audio state .
get fixed ip by host or raise if it does not exist .
download a log image from the specified location .
indent an element with the given indentation .
check the interface for a interface interface .
a generator that is called by the word .
process the results for a given file .
update a group .
load the specified directory .
install a signal handler for the given signal .
filter labels for labels and labels .
set global variables in the current thread .
test that the message was not found in the test .
find a file in a folder .
return a list of file names of the specified file .
compute the sum of a tensor .
test that the script exists .
run a function in a module .
set all modules for the modules .
test either if an error is raised when the ratio to fit is given .
get a list of all the data that match the specified host .
ensure that the named group exists .
outputs the first variable passed in the current block .
makes a sequence of integers from [ 1 .
helper function to get / or raise exception if not .
run the given test .
process the end of the line .
require a test suite .
if the x .
format a message with the given encoding .
return a range of values over the specified attribute of the object .
gets the list of client client and client them to the client .
create a new project .
get new derivation .
convert the value of the default option to the default option .
decorator that adds a user from the command line to the command line .
match options for the current site match to the rest api call to match for the current site match EOS
create a node from the title .
find a child node by name and returns the result .
remove a user from the database cli example : .
return a timestamp with timestamp in seconds since epoch .
add a uri to the uri .
return configuration and configuration values from the config file .
checks if the name is valid for a valid format .
returns a string representation of an object .
find the path to the directory that the given path is in the given path list the given .
calculate the mean of the distribution of the distribution of the distribution of the distribution .
parse a list of devices into a dict with a list of tuples .
create a new network interface .
usage : lx lx lx [ lx ] .
register a new block device .
calculates the standard deviation of the value of the first argument of the method .
initialize the module for all the base directories in the base directory .
return the rate of the rate limit .

